Indonesia to buy $1.14 billion worth of Russian jets,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia will buy 11 Sukhoi fighter jets worth $1.14 billion from Russia in exchange for cash and Indonesian commodities, two cabinet ministers said on Tuesday. The Southeast Asian country has pledged to ship up to $570 million worth of commodities in addition to cash to pay for the Suhkoi SU-35 fighter jets, which are expected to be delivered in stages starting in two years. Indonesian Trade Minister Enggartiasto Lukita said in a joint statement with Defence Minister Ryamizard Ryacudu that details of the type and volume of commodities were  still being negotiated . Previously he had said the exports could include palm oil, tea, and coffee. The deal is expected to be finalised soon between Indonesian state trading company PT Perusahaan Perdangangan Indonesia and Russian state conglomerate Rostec. Russia is currently facing a new round of U.S.-imposed trade sanctions. Meanwhile, Southeast Asia s largest economy is trying to promote its palm oil products amid threats of a cut in consumption by European Union countries. Indonesia is also trying to modernize its ageing air force after a string of military aviation accidents. Indonesia, which had a $411 million trade surplus with Russia in 2016, wants to expand bilateral cooperation in tourism, education, energy, technology and aviation among others. ",worldnews,"August 22, 2017 ",1
Senate Democrats united on debt restructuring for Puerto Rico: letter,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats, in a letter to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, on Wednesday called for congressional action on  Puerto Rico, demanding that legislation to resolve the island’s financial crisis include tools to restructure debt. “Restructuring legislation would not cost the federal government a single penny and would instead save U.S. taxpayers from the growing cost of inaction,” said the letter to the Senate’s Republican leader, signed by all 46 Democrats and independents. The letter is a challenge to Republicans who largely oppose letting the U.S. commonwealth restructure debt. Republican Senators Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Chuck Grassley of Iowa last month introduced a bill to bring Puerto Rico’s finances under federal oversight without providing for debt restructuring.  Democrats have argued that federal oversight should be conditional on allowing Puerto Rico to be governed by federal bankruptcy or debt restructuring laws. Hatch, Murkowski and Grassley are cc’d on the letter. “Puerto Rico was included in Chapter 9 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code until 1984, when Congress inexplicably excluded it from the nationwide approach to resolving municipal insolvency,” said the letter, a draft of which was first reported by Reuters last week. The letter’s broad support is key because, with 44 Democrats and two independents on board, Democrats could block bills that do not include a restructuring mechanism. Still, that is no guarantee that Republicans, who control Congress, will draft a bill that includes one. A restructuring option would be a coup for the island’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, who has long said Puerto Rico needs to cut its $70 billion in debt to grow its economy, a stance that has faced resistance from creditors. Aside from its debt load, Puerto Rico faces widespread economic strain, including a 45 percent poverty rate and a shrinking tax base, as a growing number of citizens jump to the U.S. mainland. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, speaking on the Senate floor on Wednesday, said Congress must do more than hold hearings or create a task force on Puerto Rico, stressing that the island needs “to be treated as other American citizens and be able to file bankruptcy.” The letter comes weeks after House Speaker Paul Ryan demanded legislation by the end of March to address Puerto Rico.  “We urge you to match his commitment to act ... by the end of the first quarter,” said the letter to McConnell. ",politicsNews,"January 27, 2016 ",1
LOL! WATCH ANTIFA THUG Cry Like A Baby After Berkeley Police Unmask and Arrest Her,"Americans watched in horror as live chopper video showed a massive group of Antifa thugs chasing down a lone Trump supporter like a pack of hungry wolves. Once they finally caught the Trump supporter, they surrounded him and began to beat him mercilessly. There were no police in sight.We had an exclusive conversation with a Bernie Sanders supporter who is also a Berkeley resident, who was beaten bloody after feeling compelled to step in help and defend the free speech rights of Trump supporters. The Sanders supporter was shocked to see that one of the Soros supported, Antifa thugs who attacked him was a woman. Although he didn t agree with everything they stood for, he still believed they had the right to free speech and that the Antifa thugs, Black Lives Matter and BAMN (By Any Means Necessary) had no business using violence or the threat of violence to silence them.Watch how the  tough woman  who was wearing a mask, responded to the Berkeley police officers who, according the Bernie Sanders supporter we talked to, had mostly moved to the perimeter of the violence and were allowing it to happen. For anyone who has a hard time believing that women are a part of this violent group, watch this disgusting thug cry like a baby while disrespecting the Berkeley police officers who arrested her.***LANGUAGE WARNING***A member of ANTIFA screams for her service animal. Probably shouldn't be out rioting if you need a service animal. pic.twitter.com/V3wuVn08lo  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) August 28, 2017Here s another video showing a tough female Antifa thug flexing her muscles from behind a mask: https://twitter.com/LeighMartinezTV/status/901897070092574721Antifa thugs beat, and then poured urine on the small group of Trump supporters who came out to support a Trans woman in MLK Park who organized a rally for peace.#Antifa beat and pour urine on Trump supporter at #Berkeley. pic.twitter.com/OHYS6YN8L6  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 27, 2017",politics,"Aug 28, 2017",0
Egypt security forces arrest 12 suspected militants south of Cairo: ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces have arrested 12 suspected members of the Islamist militant Hasm Movement in the province of Fayoum 60 km (40 miles) south of Cairo, the Interior Ministry said on Tuesday. A ministry statement said police also confiscated a number of weapons and explosive devices. Hasm, a group that emerged last year and has claimed several attacks on security forces, including the fatal shooting of a policeman and injuries to three others in the province. Egypt accuses Hasm of being a militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, the country s oldest Islamist movement which Cairo outlawed in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood denies this and says it strives only for peaceful political change. An insurgency led by Islamic State militants in Egypt s rugged Sinai Peninsula has killed hundreds of soldiers and policemen since the Egyptian military overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013 - although no official death toll has been released to date. Attacks have increasingly moved to the mainland in recent months, targeting Coptic Christians as well as security officers and checkpoints in and around major Egyptian cities. ",worldnews,"October 24, 2017 ",1
Tillerson says he and Trump disagree over Iran nuclear deal," (Corrects this August 1st story to show Tillerson did not say European countries would be reluctant to re-impose sanctions in 11th paragraph) By Yeganeh Torbati WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged on Tuesday that he and President Donald Trump disagree over the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, and said the two men discuss how to use the international agreement to advance administration policies. Trump at times vowed during the 2016 presidential election campaign to withdraw from the agreement, which was signed by the United States, Russia, China and three European powers to curb Iran’s nuclear program in return for lifting most Western sanctions.  Trump has preserved the deal for now, although he has made clear he did so reluctantly after being advised to do so by Tillerson. “He and I have differences of views on things like JCPOA, and how we should use it,” Tillerson said at a State Department briefing, using the acronym for the deal, formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Tillerson said that Washington could “tear it up and walk away” or stay in the deal and hold Iran accountable to its terms, which he said would require Iran to act as a “good neighbor.” Critics say the deal falls short in addressing Iran’s support for foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria, arms shipments around the Middle East and ballistic missile tests. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Tillerson’s remarks. Trump said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal last month that he predicts Iran will be judged “noncompliant” with the Iran deal at the next deadline in October, and that he would have preferred to do so months ago. Tillerson expressed a more nuanced view of the deal’s potential benefits on Tuesday. “There are a lot of alternative means with which we use the agreement to advance our policies and the relationship with Iran, and that’s what the conversation generally is around with the president as well,” Tillerson said. European officials would likely be reluctant to re-impose sanctions, especially the broader measures that helped drive Iran to negotiate over its nuclear program in the first place. New U.S. sanctions on Iran in July were a breach of the nuclear deal and Tehran had lodged a complaint with the body that oversees the pact’s implementation, a senior Iranian politician said. Tillerson acknowledged that the United States is limited in how much it can pressure Iran on its own and said it was important to coordinate with the other parties to the agreement. “The greatest pressure we can put to bear on Iran to change the behavior is a collective pressure,” he said. ",politicsNews,"August 1, 2017 ",1
"France defends Iran nuclear deal, which Trump calls deeply flawed","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - France made a new plea on Monday for the United States to preserve the 2015 Iran nuclear deal and suggested its provisions expiring after a decade could be strengthened, as U.S. President Donald Trump again criticized the agreement as “deeply flawed.” The pact between Tehran and six world powers, which calls for Iran to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions, is under threat as Trump must decide by Oct. 15 whether to certify Iran is keeping its end of the bargain. If Trump, who as recently as Thursday accused Iran of violating “the spirit” of the deal, chooses not to certify, the pact could unravel, possibly triggering a regional arms race. The Republican president, who has called the agreement struck under his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, “the worst deal ever negotiated,” made no secret of his views during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron. “The president believes that the JCPOA is deeply flawed, and he did share his views with President Macron about how he believes the deal is flawed,” Brian Hook, director of policy planning at the U.S. State Department, told reporters. The pact is formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. “The president was very candid with him about what he thinks are the shortcomings. ... He told him that it is under review and that they are taking a hard look at the Oct. 15th decision and more broadly how to fix the Iran deal,” Hook said. Hook said the two also discussed an integrated strategy against Iran that would take into account what he described as Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, its destabilization in the Middle East and other aggressions. Asked if he planned to stick with the pact, Trump earlier told reporters as he began a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday: “You’ll be seeing very soon.”Israeli officials have said changes Israel wants in the JCPOA include lengthening the 10-year freeze on Iran’s nuclear development program or even making that suspension permanent and destroying centrifuges rather than just halting their operation.  The deal was negotiated with Iran by the United States, Russia, China, Britain, Germany and France. The six will meet with Iran at the ministerial level on Wednesday.          The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development. “It is essential to maintain it to avoid proliferation. In this period when we see the risks with North Korea, we must maintain this line,” French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters. “France will try to convince President Trump of the pertinence of this choice (keeping the accord), even if work can be done to complement the accord after 2025,” he said. A senior French official said Trump had not given Macron an indication on whether he had made up his mind during their Monday bilateral.  However, the official said Macron had put on the table the prospect of new nuclear negotiations after 2025 during his bilateral with Iranian President Hasan Rouhani and warned him that Tehran should stop provoking the United States with its regional activities. “We feel the post 2025 subject is a red line, but our president put it on the table because it’s a concern and a legitimate request that we must make,” the official said. “2025 will arrive quickly and we have to be ready before Jan 1. 2025, so he asked that we think together how to work on this question.”  If Trump does not certify that Iran is complying with the agreement, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warned on Sunday that Tehran would react strongly to any “wrong move” by Washington on the nuclear deal. Paris took one of the hardest lines against Tehran in the negotiations, but has been quick to restore trade ties and Macron has said repeatedly there is no alternative to the deal.  French officials say Iran is respecting the JCPOA and that, were the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to say otherwise, a mechanism exists to reimpose sanctions. The IAEA is the body ensuring the accord is carried out, but the United States and Iran quarreled over how Tehran’s nuclear activities should be policed at an IAEA meeting on Monday after a U.S. call last month for wider inspections. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson argued on Friday that Washington must consider the full threat it says Iran poses to the Middle East when crafting its new policy toward Tehran. A senior French diplomat underlined that the nuclear deal was achieved in large part because it was not linked to all the other grievances the United States may have had with Iran. With Europeans not on the same page as the Trump administration, Iranian officials say they have an opportunity to divide the P5+1 group that negotiated the deal with Iran. A senior Iranian diplomat and a former nuclear negotiator said he believed the Europeans had no intention of following Trump’s overtly aggressive Iran policy. “They are wise. Look at the region. Crisis everywhere. From Iraq to Lebanon. Iran is a reliable regional partner for Europe, not only a trade partner but a political one as well,” the diplomat said. “European powers have been committed to the deal. The IAEA has repeatedly confirmed Iran’s commitment to the deal. Trump’s insistence on his hostile policy towards Iran will further deepen the gap among the P5+1 countries,” the diplomat said. ",politicsNews,"September 18, 2017 ",1
 Grand Jury Indicts Anti-Choice Zealots Who Produced Phony Planned Parenthood Videos,"Talk about blowback. Last Summer, Texas governor Greg Abbott initiated an investigation into Planned Parenthood following the release of a series of deceptively edited videos claiming to have caught the healthcare provider engaging in fetal organ harvesting and selling the parts to biomedical research facilities via some sort of grisly underground marketplace.But instead of catching Planned Parenthood red-handed, a grand jury has officially indicted the perpetrators of the videos, David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, while also exonerating Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing.The AP via Talking Points Memo:David Daleiden, founder of the Center for Medical Progress, was indicted on a felony charge of tampering with a governmental record and a misdemeanor count related to purchasing human organs. Another activist, Sandra Merritt, was also indicted on a charge of tampering with a governmental record. It s the first time anyone in the group has been charged criminally since the videos started surfacing last year.Texas becomes the eighth state to exonerate Planned Parenthood, while casting serious doubt on the veracity of the obviously deceptive videos. Yet most of the GOP presidential candidates, along with most of the conservative movement, continues to treat the videos as if they represent hard evidence of Planned Parenthood s allegedly evil motives and illegal activities. Congressional Republicans, along with state Republicans, used the videos as convenient excuses to vote in support of crushing the healthcare clinics.It s entirely likely that Republicans will continue to attach their reputations to the videos in spite of the indictment and the various exonerations.Adding to the irony of the indictment, Daleiden is being accused of attempting to illegally purchase fetus organs   the very practice he was attempting to expose, even though it didn t exist.In a statement announcing the indictment, Harris County District Attorney Devon Anderson didn t provide details on the charges, including what record or records were allegedly tampered with and why Daleiden faces a charge related to buying human organs. Anderson s office said it could not provide details until the documents charging Daleiden and Merritt were formally made public, which was expected later Monday.Get ready for the sound of anti-choice heads exploding, as well as the demagoguing of the grand jury itself as somehow an Obama/NARAL/PPFA conspiracy.Featured imaged via video screen grab.",News,"January 25, 2016",0
Trump's defense chief sees no military collaboration with Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary on Thursday said he did not see possible military collaboration with Russia now, in a blow to Moscow’s hopes to mend ties with Washington after Trump’s election. The remarks are perhaps the strongest indication yet from the Trump administration that prospects for any significant cooperation between the U.S. and Russian militaries against  Islamic State in Syria is unlikely anytime soon. They came despite repeated suggestions by Trump during his election campaign of the possibility of joint action against Islamic State militants.     “We are not in a position right now to collaborate on a military level. But our political leaders will engage and try to find common ground,” Jim Mattis told reporters after talks at NATO headquarters in Brussels, also mentioning U.S. concerns about Russian interference in democratic elections. Just hours before Mattis spoke, Russian President Vladimir Putin said it was in the interests of both nations to restore communications between their intelligence agencies. “It’s absolutely clear that in the area of counter-terrorism all relevant governments and international groups should work together,” he told Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB). U.S. intelligence agencies, however, are among the most powerful voice of caution in Washington on Russia, concluding that Moscow hacked and leaked Democratic Party emails during the presidential campaign as part of efforts to tilt the vote in the Nov. 8 election in Trump’s favor. Monday’s resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of warmer ties with Russia, has underscored for the Kremlin the difficulties of reaching a settlement. Flynn resigned after disclosures he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office, and that he later misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.  Asked whether he believed that Russia interfered in U.S. presidential elections, Mattis said: “Right now, I would just say there’s very little doubt that they have either interfered or they have attempted to interfere in a number of elections in the democracies.” He did not explicitly cite the U.S. election. A Kremlin aide said there had been no progress on a potential meeting between Trump and Putin. “There is no agreement on a meeting nor a clear understanding yet,” Interfax news agency quoted Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying. BACK-AND-FORTH Mattis, who has previously accused Russia of trying to break the NATO alliance, told a closed-door session of NATO on Wednesday that it needed to be realistic about the chances of restoring a cooperative relationship with Moscow.  He cited Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, which plunged U.S.-Russia relations to a post-Cold War low. Mattis said NATO needed “negotiate from a position of strength” as he called for stepped up military spending. That prompted a terse reply from Russia’s Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu. “Attempts to build a dialogue with Russia from a position of strength would be futile,” he was quoted as saying by TASS news agency. Mattis shot back: “I have no need to respond to the Russian statement at all. NATO has always stood for military strength and protection of the democracies and the freedoms we intend to pass on to our children.” The back-and-forth came even as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met in Germany, and U.S. Marine General Joseph Dunford, the top U.S. military officer, met Chief of the Russian General Staff Valery Gerasimov in Azerbaijan. Lavrov dismissed the uproar over the U.S. election. “You should know we do not interfere in the domestic matters of other countries,” he said.  Congressional inquiries into alleged Russian interference in the U.S. elections are gaining momentum as Capitol Hill investigators press intelligence and law enforcement agencies for access to classified documents. The FBI and several U.S. intelligence agencies are investigating Russian espionage operations in the United States. They are also looking at contacts in Russia between Russian intelligence officers or others with ties to Putin’s government and people connected to Trump or his campaign. ",politicsNews,"February 16, 2017 ",1
" Arizona GOP Poised To Ban Social Justice Classes, Events, And Lectures In Public Schools","Another day, another assault on the First Amendment from the  freedom-loving  Republican Party.In Arizona, a state facing an unprecedented teacher shortage, the Republican-led State House has introduced a bill to ban social justice courses, lectures and events from public schools, including state universities.HB 2120, introduced by Reps. Bob Thorpe and Mark Finchem, seeks to:15-112. Prohibited courses, classes, events and activities; enforcement; exceptions   A.  A school district or charter school in this state shall not include in its program of instruction any courses, or classes, EVENTS OR ACTIVITIES that include DO any of the following:And if the schools don t comply with the law (intentionally or unintentionally)? They lose 10 percent of their already depleted funds:B.   If the state board of education or the superintendent of public instruction determines that the school district or charter school has failed to comply with subsection A OF THIS SECTION within sixty days after a notice has been issued pursuant to this subsection, the state board of education or the superintendent of public instruction may direct the department of education to withhold up to ten per cent PERCENT of the monthly apportionment of state aid that would otherwise be due the school district or charter school.In other words: don t teach anything that helps build up tolerance and acceptance of any repressed minority group or you will be punished with the money your districts so desperately need.When it comes to the state university system (institutions of higher learning), the legislation almost mirrors that for public k-12 schooling:A UNIVERSITY UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF THE ARIZONA BOARD OF REGENTS OR A COMMUNITY COLLEGE UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF A COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT SHALL NOT INCLUDE IN ITS PROGRAM OF INSTRUCTION ANY COURSES, CLASSES, EVENTS OR ACTIVITIES THAT DO ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:Like K-12 institutions, state colleges and universities would be stripped of 10 percent of their state funding if found to be intentionally or unintentionally in violation.The problem with this law is clear: it s too broadly written, it stifles education, and it deprives students of their ability to learn about different ideologies and current events in today s America. On the surface, it sounds good   no public school should be able to promote violence, resentment or hatred towards the United States government or any group of people. However, once we start telling people they can t advocate for the social justice of anyone, no matter who it is being oppressed, we become complacent with discrimination and oppression of peoples all across the globe.Does this mean professors wouldn t be able to lecture or promote the human rights of those living in Israeli-Palestinian territory? Does it mean they cannot promote the  never forget  mantra of Nazi Germany atrocities because it s promoting  social justice  for Jews, Poles, the disabled, Gay and Romani people?The list   and the subsequent debate   could go on and on.This Orwellian, revisionist history is dangerous and it s un-American. It stifles freedom of speech   even speech we may not agree with   and shields students from different opinions and outlooks on life. Students paying thousands of dollars to attend a state university should not have their right to speak and learn freely striped of them by their government.The snowflake Republicans are at it again, and this time they re the ones who need a safe space from the big, bad social justice warriors.Featured image via KTAR News",News,"January 14, 2017",0
China party spokesman says anti-graft fight 'always on the road',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s anti-corruption fight is  always on the road , Communist Party spokesman Tuo Zhen said on Tuesday ahead of a key party congress that will see President Xi Jinping further tighten his grip on power. Tuo made the comment at a briefing before the twice-a-decade meeting opens on Wednesday. ",worldnews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
China reiterates support for Spanish government amid Catalonia crisis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China understands the Spanish government s efforts to protect national unity and opposes any actions to split the country, the Chinese foreign ministry said on Monday, after the Catalan parliament voted to unilaterally declare independence last week. China generally takes a dim view of independence or secessionist movements around the world, while saying it adheres to a policy of non-interference in other nations  internal affairs.  On Friday, Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy assumed direct control of the Catalan region, sacked its secessionist government and called a snap election for Dec. 21. China s position on the issue was clear and consistent, said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying, reiterating support previously offered to the Spanish government.  We think this is an internal affair for Spain, and understand and support the Spanish government s efforts to protect national and ethnic unity and territorial integrity, and oppose actions to split the country and damage the rule of law,  she told a daily news briefing on Monday.   We believe that Spain has the ability to protect social order and guarantee citizens  rights under the framework of the law.   Beijing has expressed more openness to independence votes agreed by both sides, such as Scotland s unsuccessful 2014 referendum to leave the United Kingdom, and South Sudan s 2011 vote in favor of independence from Sudan. At home, China contends with what it says are separatist movements in its western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang, and also claims the self-ruled island of Taiwan as a wayward province. ",worldnews,"October 30, 2017 ",1
The Changing Face of Mainstream Media?,"21st Century Wire says One of the biggest trends running through this election season has been the migration of elements formerly on the fringe of politics  into the center, or mainstream.Only a few short months ago, Breitbart News, fowas formerly classed as an element of the far right-wing of the media spectrum, and vanguard of the  Alt Right .  It is now occupying the front row of the West Wing alongside press stalwarts like the CNN, Wall Street Journal, Reuters and TIME Magazine.The following is a photo taken from the preparation hours before President Donald Trump s news conference which was held in the East Room of the White House in Washington DC yesterday.Times are indeed changing Haha Breitbart front row ! pic.twitter.com/ibgaDo1itn  RockPrincess (@Rockprincess818) February 15, 2017SEE ALSO: From the Fringe to the Center: #FakeNews in the Context of Left-Right DialecticsREAD MORE MSM NEWS AT: 21st Century MSM Watch Files",Middle-east,"February 17, 2017",0
"Germans most afraid of terrorism, secure about finances: study","BERLIN (Reuters) - Fear of terrorism, political extremism and social tension due to mass migration are Germans  top concerns as they prepare to vote in a federal election, a survey showed on Thursday. Worries about jobs and the economy have meanwhile fallen to record lows, according to the annual study by insurer R+V.  Having presided over an economic upswing that has boosted wages and created jobs, Chancellor Angela Merkel is widely expected to win a fourth term in the Sept. 24 election.      Some voters from her conservative alliance have however defected to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) over her decision in 2015 to open Germany s borders to hundreds of thousands of refugees fleeing war in Syria and Iraq. The R+V study showed terrorism remained the top fear, worrying 71 percent of Germans compared to 73 percent last year,  Security officials have said the country should brace for further violence by Islamist militants after it was hit by five attacks in 2016, including one in December on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people.  The fear of terror attacks is clearly in first place and is at one of the highest levels that has ever been measured,  said Brigitte Roemstedt, who heads the R+V Info Centre that surveyed around 2,400 Germans. Political extremism was the second biggest worry, troubling 62 percent of Germans compared with 68 percent last year, while 61 percent fear that immigration could provoke social tension, down from 67 percent. R+V said fear of unemployment and a poor economic situation were at record lows, while concerns about natural disasters and contaminated food had increased. ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
 Trump Supporters Threaten Bloody Rebellion And Assassination If They Lose On Election Day (DETAILS),"President Obama should put the National Guard and other military units on standby on Election Day.Because if Trump supporters don t get the results they want, they are going to try to kill Hillary Clinton and anyone else standing in the way of their party taking over the government.The Boston Globe attended a Donald Trump rally in Ohio last week and talked to several suppporters of the Republican nominee about what they will do if their candidate loses.To them, however, the only way Trump can lose is if their is election fraud, which Trump has already accused Hillary Clinton of committing.In Pennsylvania in August, Trump declared that the only way he can lose is if Hillary Clinton cheats, thus setting the stage for massive complaints of election fraud if Hillary wins the election on November 8th, even by a landslide.Trump has made his crowd of middle-aged white supporters very angry and very paranoid.Scott Webb is taking his command from Trump to watch polling places very seriously. Trump said to watch your precincts,  the 61-year-old said.  I m going to go, for sure. I ll look for well, it s called racial profiling. Mexicans. Syrians. People who can t speak American. I m going to go right up behind them. I ll do everything legally. I want to see if they are accountable. I m not going to do anything illegal. I m going to make them a little bit nervous. In other words, Webb is going to try to intimidate anyone who doesn t have the same skin color as he does because Trump supporters believe that only minorities commit voter fraud.65-year-old Jeannine Bell Smith is already predicting unprecedented amounts of voter fraud this election even though it is very rare in this country. We re going to have a lot of election fraud,  she said.  They are having illegals vote. In some states, you don t need voter registration to vote. We can t have that lying bitch in the White House. Judy Wright doesn t care if Hillary wins in a squeaker or by a landslide.  If Hillary wins, it s rigged,  she said.  All I know is our country is not going to be a country anymore. I ve heard people talk about a revolution. I ve heard people talk about separation of states. I don t even like to think about it. But I don t think this movement is going away. We don t have a voice anymore, and Donald Trump is giving us a voice. Indeed, many Trump supporters are ready to overthrow the government and assassinate Hillary Clinton if Trump doesn t win. That s what 50-year-old Dan Bowman told the Boston Globe in the scariest quote they obtained. If she s in office, I hope we can start a coup. She should be in prison or shot. That s how I feel about it. We re going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that s what it takes. There s going to be a lot of bloodshed. But that s what it s going to take I would do whatever I can for my country. Donald Trump and his supporter are the most dangerous threat against America and our democracy. Trump has already called for  Second Amendment people  to do something about Hillary Clinton if she wins and nominates Supreme Court Justices that conservatives don t approve of. He has also called for her to be imprisoned.And his fanatical supporters are starting to foam at the mouth at the thought to attempting to violently overthrow the government.Even Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin has called for a bloody revolt if Trump doesn t win.Trump supporters claim they are oppressed, but that s just because they aren t allowed to oppress black people, gays, and Muslims. They literally think they are being oppressed because they can t legally oppress others.The fact is that if any Trump supporters who attempt a coup will be guilty of treason and should pay major consequences for their actions. That being said, the federal government and law enforcement need to take these threats seriously. We cannot not tolerate such an attack on our democracy and the peaceful transition of power that has existed in this country since its founding. So no matter how many votes Trump loses by, even if it comes down to a few thousand, Trump s supporters need to accept that they lost fair and square.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 15, 2016",0
"French defense minister hopeful for fighter jets, armored vehicle sale to Qatar","PARIS (Reuters) - France is hoping to strike deals to sell 12 Rafale fighter jets and armored vehicles to Qatar when President Emmanuel Macron visits the country in December, the French defense minister said on Thursday. Qatar has been strengthening its military since its ties with other Arab states, including Saudi Arabia, have deteriorated. France, which has carefully avoided taking sides in that dispute, is hoping to capitalize on a recent arms export surge which included the sale of 24 Rafale jets to Doha in 2015. The Rafale is made by Dassault Aviation.  We ve been negotiating for months,  defense minister Florence Parly told BFM TV.  We ve also been negotiating for months about the sale of a large number of armored vehicles and we hope it will be concluded when the president goes to Qatar at the beginning of December,  she added. French media have said France s Nexter was in talks to sell about 300 VBCI armored vehicles to Qatar. However, a French government source told Reuters nothing had been agreed yet. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar in June, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas. ",worldnews,"November 30, 2017 ",1
 String Of Deaths Linked To Human Experimentation By Bone Cement Company,"Prosecutors allege that bone cement manufactured by Norian and its parent company, Synthes, was used to conduct  human experimentation,  resulting in a string of deaths over the past several years.As Fortune reports here, the deaths were the result of spinal injections of a product called Norian XR, described as  a cement that has the unique capacity to turn into bone when injected into the human skeleton. Norian XR was never approved by the FDA for use in the human spine. To the contrary, the FDA required the company to mark the product as  not approved  for such use.Experiments conducted at the University of Washington exposed the dangers of using the bone cement to treat human spine injuries as early as 2002. When tested on pigs, the Norian XR caused severe blood clotting, resulting in the deaths of the animals.Synthes had acquired the California-based Norian Corporation with the intention of altering Norian XR for use in spinal treatments. Nothing was going to stand in the way of company profits.Prosecutors say that the company launched a scheme specifically designed to get around FDA approval.As The Dallas Morning News reports here:CEO Hansjorg Wyss directed a few sites to perform 60 to 80 procedures in spinal surgeries using the Norian bone cement and to publish clinical results. He recruited surgeons to test-market the product on patients, court records show.The patients who were exposed to the experimental treatment were never told that the product was not approved by the FDA.By 2010, a string of deaths had been attributed to the company s human experimentation.Lois Eskind, age 70, was injected with Norian XR while a company salesperson watched. The Dallas Morning News reports,  The product leaked into Eskind s veins and led to the clotting that killed her. The company did not inform the FDA of Eskind s death. They continued to experiment on human beings without their knowledge or consent, causing the deaths of many other people, including Reba Golden and Joan Bryant.In 2010, Synthes and Norian, along with four top executives, were convicted of conducting unauthorized clinical trials on humans. Norian paid a $22.5 million penalty, while Synthes paid $669,800 fine. The executives went to prison.The families of Golden and Bryant recently filed a civil suit against Dr. Jens Chapman, Synthes, Norian, the University of Washington, Harborview Medical Center and Washington state. The first trial is set to begin in June.The crimes committed by these companies are a chilling example of the risks we take in allowing our healthcare system to be controlled by profit-motivated corporations like Synthes.Featured image via Pixabay Public Domain",News,"May 22, 2016",0
EMBARRASSING: Anti-Trump “THE HILL” Gets SLAMMED For Publishing Article Claiming MTV’s “Jersey Shore” Reality Star “Schooled” Trump On Global Warming ,"#JokeNewsAfter record, cold temperatures were reported across the United States, President Trump took to Twitter to mock the  Global Warming  scam supported by shyster politicians like Al Gore and Barack Obama, who were poised to extort trillions of US taxpayer dollars to fund their global climate change scam.Trump tweeted:  In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up! In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 29, 2017Accuweather backed up President Trump s tweet with this report:Cold air rivaling that of the past 100 years for late December and early January will make it painful to be outdoors and may lead to damage in the central and the northeastern United States.AccuWeather RealFeel  Temperatures are projected to be below zero over much of the Northeast and well below zero in much of the Midwest.In the coming days, RealFeel temperatures 5 to 20 degrees below zero will be common. in the northern tier, RealFeel temperatures may dip as low as 30 to 40 degrees below zero.From The Hill:Former  Jersey Shore  cast member Vinny Guadagnino shot back at President Trump on Thursday after Trump said the United States could use some  good old global warming  to heat up cold states. I think climate change is more complex than global warming will make it hotter,  Guadagnino tweeted to Trump.  It has to do with disruptions of atmospheric conditions, ocean patterns, jet streams and s t like that. ""Jersey Shore"" cast member schools Trump on climate change https://t.co/Vlfl6hskeT pic.twitter.com/URSHWTqgw0  The Hill (@thehill) December 29, 2017The former MTV reality star later responded to Twitter users who mocked him for replying to Trump, asking  why does having a summer shore house automatically make [you] stupid? Per my last tweet about global warming and ppl saying it s bad when someone from  jersey shore  educates the president etc.I get the joke but why does having a summer shore house automatically make u stupid?No smart ppl ever partied with friends on weekends?  Vinny Guadagnino (@VINNYGUADAGNINO) December 29, 2017The Hill then attempted to prove how smart Vinny Guadagnino s was because other Democrats also mocked President Trump s tweet:Democratic lawmakers also slammed Trump following the tweet.Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) tweeted that the U.S. has a  moral obligation  to combat climate change, and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) blasted the tweet as  embarrassing. Trump has denied that global warming exists in the past, claiming it was  created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. Here s a closer look at the guy who  The Hill  claims  schooled  President Trump on phony  Global Warming  on Twitter: The energizer bunny ! Follow me on   vinguadagnino for more inspiration in a chipmunk voice pic.twitter.com/JWj3OmKhf5  Vinny Guadagnino (@VINNYGUADAGNINO) December 6, 2017Here s how Twitter users responded to  The Hill s  tweet:Mueller Day mocked  The Hill  for using a guy who coined the phrase  GTL  (gym, tan, laundry) for suggesting he  schooled our President.Ok, the dude who was instrumental in coining the phrase ""GTL"" (gym, tan, laundry) has just schooled the ""president"" on the science behind global warming. The world can end now. We've come full circle and there's nothing left to do.  Mueller day (@TiersOfLove) December 29, 2017This Twitter user mocked  The Hill  for using a reality MTV show cast member s tweet to disproved President Trump s belief about phony global warming science:Yikes! You're scraping the bottom of the barrel, aren't ya? Who's next? Mama June on foreign affairs          (@EuroRaver) December 30, 2017nea sportsfan reminds  The Hill  that the  Founder of the Weather Channel says climate change is bull Founder of weather channel says climate change is bull  nea sportsfan (@sportsfanNEA) December 30, 2017twentyman also mocked  The Hill  for using the reality MTV star s tweet, calling them #FakeNews: Jet streams and shit like that    what  school  are you referring to, you #FakeNews propagator?""Jet streams and shit like that""   what 'school' are you referring to, you #FakeNews propagator?  twentyman (@tirbagofah) December 29, 2017Justin hilariously reminded  The Hill  of a 2015 tweet by Bernie Sanders:Maybe Vinny can ""school"" Bernie too.https://t.co/wW9qEuhykH  Justin   (@JustCrum79) December 29, 2017Here s the tweet from Bernie Sanders where he blames a 65-degree day on Christmas Eve in 2015 on  climate change :Nobody can recall a Christmas Eve where the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) December 28, 2015",politics,"Dec 30, 2017",0
Hawaii to resume Cold War-era nuclear siren tests amid North Korea threat,"HONOLULU (Reuters) - Hawaii this week will resume monthly statewide testing of Cold War-era nuclear attack warning sirens for the first time in at least a quarter century, in preparation for a possible missile strike from North Korea, state officials said on Tuesday. A recording of the wailing air-raid siren - familiar to  older generations who grew up hearing it on a regular basis - was played at a news conference by Governor David Ige, civil defense and emergency management officers in the state capital, Honolulu. Ige said he believed Hawaii was the first in the nation to reintroduce statewide nuclear siren drills.  The announcement, though planned weeks earlier, came hours after North Korea s latest test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile, which flew about 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) before landing in the Sea of Japan. The Pentagon said the rocket posed no danger to the United States, its territories or allies. But state emergency management authorities said they decided in recent months to reactivate the state s nuclear attack sirens for the first time since the 1980s after experts deemed some of North Korea s missiles were capable of reaching Hawaii. The wailing air raid sirens - distinguished from steady-tone sirens already in use to warn of hurricanes, tsunamis and other natural disasters - were set to return on Friday.   Both sirens will be sounded in separate 50-second intervals from more than 400 locations across the central Pacific islands starting at 11:45 a.m. in a test that will be repeated on the first business day of each month thereafter. The exercise is being launched in conjunction with public service announcements urging residents of the islands to  get inside, stay inside and stay tuned  when they hear the warning. A single 150-kiloton weapon detonated over Pearl Harbor on the main island of Oahu would be expected to kill 18,000 people outright and leave 50,000 to 120,000 others injured across a blast zone several miles wide, state Emergency Management Agency officials have said, citing projections based on assessments of North Korea s nuclear weapons technology. While casualties of that scale would be unprecedented on U.S. soil, an agency fact sheet stressed that 90 percent of Hawaii s 1.4 million-plus residents would survive  the direct effects of such an explosion.  Oahu, home to a heavy concentration of the U.S. military command structure, as well as Honolulu and about two-thirds of the state s population, is seen as an especially likely target for potential North Korean nuclear aggression against the United States. In the event of an actual nuclear missile launch at Hawaii from North Korea, the attack sirens would give island residents and tourists just 12 or 13 minutes of warning before impact, according to the state s fact sheet. In that case, residents are advised to immediately take cover  in a building or other substantial structure.  Although no designated nuclear shelters exist, staying indoors offers the best chance of limiting exposure to radioactive fallout. Calling the North Korea threat a  new normal,  Ige said,  A possibility of attack today is very remote, but we do believe that it s important that we be proactive, that we plan and are prepared for every possibility moving forward.  ",worldnews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
"From Damascus, Iran vows to confront Israel","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s military chief warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory on a visit to Damascus on Wednesday, raising tensions with Israel as it voices deep concern over Tehran s influence in Syria. General Mohammad Baqeri pledged to increase cooperation with Syria s military to fight Israel and insurgents, Iranian and Syrian state media said.  Iranian forces and Iran-backed Shi ite militias, including Hezbollah, have provided critical military support to Damascus, helping it regain swathes of Syria from rebels and militants.  It s not acceptable for the Zionist regime to violate the land and airspace of Syria anytime it wants,  Baqeri said at a news conference with his Syrian counterpart.   We are in Damascus to assert and cooperate to confront our common enemies, the Zionists and terrorists,  he said, a reference to Israel and Sunni Muslim jihadists including Islamic State.   We drew up the broad lines for this cooperation,  Syrian state media cited the Iranian military chief of staff as saying.      Iran s expanding clout during Syria s more than six-year war has raised alarm in Israel, which has said it would act against any threat from its regional arch-enemy Tehran. Israel s air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and Hezbollah nearly 100 times during the war. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Iran was strengthening its foothold in Syria and that Israel would  do whatever it takes  to protect its security. Tensions have risen this year between Lebanon s Hezbollah and Israel, which have avoided a major conflict since 2006.  This week, the Israeli military said it attacked a Syrian anti-aircraft battery that had fired at its planes over Lebanon. But the Syrian army said it hit an Israeli warplane after it breached its airspace at the Syria-Lebanon border. [nL8N1MR2EX  Our job is to prevent war, and you do that through deterrence. What we saw in Syria (on Monday) fell within this framework,  the Israeli defense minister told Israel Radio on Wednesday before the Iranian military chief s comments.   We will do whatever is necessary for (our) security,  Avigdor Lieberman added.  We will not change our operating procedures because of shooting or a threat of this type or another.  ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
 Republicans Look To Shut Down The Government Over Coal Miner Pensions And Healthcare,"Republicans  won  the 2016 presidential election. Why? Well, besides an avalanche of racial demagoguery, they  appealed  the white working class in Rust Belt America. They became the unsung heroes  of the middle-class struggle to survive. Economic anxiety, as they called it, ran rampant.Well, their commitment to the white working class lasted roughly three weeks, and now it s back to square one. And the first victims of the Republicans newfound power? Coal miners.Yes, coal miners, the very people that represent the backbone of manual labor in the United States. From the hills of West Virginia all the way down to Kentucky, coal miners are what keeps America s energy bills under control and our electricity efficient. Democrats (like Hillary Clinton) lost big in coal country because of a  failure  to  connect with them (even though she was the only candidate to offer them alternative programs to the dying industry). Trump and the Republicans pounced, promising them revitalization and a basket of goodies to make them great again.And now the United States may face a looming shutdown because of them. Why? Republicans don t want to pay their healthcare and pension plans.That s right, the same people who promised to be their champions are now turning their backs.Labeling the plan a  bailout,  Republicans are stonewalling Democratic Senator Joe Manchin, who offered an amendment to the chief funding bill of the United States government that will revitalize the United Mine Workers  health and pension system, which went broke because of the 2007-2008 financial crisis.If Republicans continue to block the legislation   which would lead to a shutdown   over 16,000 retired coal miners and their families will lose their healthcare and pension plans. Manchin s amendment would offer temporary assistance until April 28 when another budget would have to be considered. Working with Manchin is West Virginia s other Senator, Republican Shelly Moore-Capito and Democrat Sherrod Brown of Ohio. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also supports the amendment being added but blocked it from consideration last year.McConnell, however, has asked that Democrats step aside and not block the continuing resolution over the miner s benefits.Aside from Moore-Capito and Mitch McConnell, no Republicans have expressed support for the measure, and the opponents have called it a  government bailout  that sets a precedent to  bail out  other troubled pension systems and healthcare benefits.If Republicans want to see what a precedent looks like, they should ask Trump about his Carrier deal.So Democrats are accused of turning their backs on the working class. Meanwhile, Democrats Joe Manchin and Sherrod Brown are spearheading an amendment that helps that very class of workers, and Republicans are slamming it as a  government bailout.  If Republicans don t get Manchin, Moore-Capito and Brown on board with a continuing resolution, it won t pass.So bankers can get a trillion dollars in tax payer bailouts, but coal miners, who were promised their pensions and healthcare and who power our country, get squat and demonized?Democrats have been, are, and will be for the working class. They may not be as theatrical and slick as Republicans, but let today s example show who really has the back of the working class. Only one party is instilling economic anxiety in them   and it isn t the Democrats.Every pundit better be reassessing this issue.Watch Senator Manchin deliver remarks:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"December 9, 2016",0
OOPS! BOTH Bernie Sanders And His Wife Are Under FBI Investigation For Bank Fraud,"Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and his wife, Jane Sanders have hired prominent defense attorneys, amid an FBI investigation into a loan Jane Sanders obtained to expand Burlington College while she was its president, CBS News confirms.Politico Magazine first reported the Sanders had hired lawyers to defend them in the probe. Sanders top adviser Jeff Weaver told CBS News the couple has sought legal protection over federal agents  allegations from a January 2016 complaint accusing then-President of Burlington College, Ms. Sanders, of distorting donor levels in a 2010 loan application for $10 million from People s United Bank to purchase 33 acres of land for the institution.According to Politico, prosecutors might also be looking into allegations that Sen. Sanders  office inappropriately urged the bank to approve the loan.Heat Street  When Jane O Meara Sanders served as president of Burlington College between 2004 and 2011, she oversaw an aggressive effort to enroll more students and expand the campus to accommodate a bigger student body. Part of that plan: Taking out hefty loans to finance the $10 million purchase of 32 acres of prime property from the Roman Catholic diocese at the end of 2010.But Burlington College soon found itself unable to make its loan payments. The Roman Catholic diocese, which had sold off the land to help pay for a $17 million sexual-abuse settlement, ultimately lost between $1.5 million and $2 million, according to the letter calling for investigation, as well as several Vermont media outlets. The diocese did not respond to a request for an interview. But a source with direct knowledge of the diocese s involvement in the land acquisition says Burlington College almost immediately struggled to meet its obligations. It was within a relatively short time after closing [the deal], they were experiencing financial problems that made it impossible to pay the diocese,  the source says, adding that Burlington soon went into default mode on its loan.Parishioners now say that to secure loans to buy the land, Ms. Sanders misrepresented the amount that had been pledged to the college in its fundraising push.The request for investigation notes that defrauding a bank is a federal crime; it s punishable by up to 30 years in prison and $1 million in fines, according to federal code. Watch Sanders rail against inequality and corruption at his commencement speech to the 2017 graduating class at Brooklyn College: Ms. Sanders  push for the liberal arts college s costly land acquisition was cited in a press release by the college when it shut down in 2016. And as for the claim that Ms. Sanders manipulated the loan application, Weaver  said,  The loan was approved by the financial board at the college. Sen. Sanders, formerly mayor of Burlington, Vermont s largest city, regards the claims as a political game levied against him after his run for president in the 2016 primary election, a platform which has transformed the small-state senator into an influential voice in American liberal politics.   CBS News ",politics,"Jun 24, 2017",0
Japan PM's ruling bloc seen nearing 2/3 majority in Oct. 22 lower house poll: Nikkei,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc could come close to keeping its two-thirds  super  majority in an Oct. 22 lower house election, defying some predictions of substantial losses and solidifying his grip on power, a survey published by the Nikkei business daily on Wednesday showed. Abe s conservative Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its more dovish junior partner, the Komeito, are likely to secure more than 290 seats in the 465-seat chamber, the Nikkei said. The ruling bloc had a two-thirds  super majority  in the lower house before the chamber was dissolved. The number of seats has been cut from 475 as part of electoral reforms. The Nikkei forecast was broadly in line with a Kyodo news agency forecast released on Thursday that saw Abe s coalition winning more than 300 seats. However, Kyodo said 54.4 percent of voters were still undecided. A survey by the Yomiuri newspaper showed the LDP and Komeito winning close to 300 seats. A strong showing by Abe s coalition would boost his chances of winning a third term as LDP leader from next September, putting him on track to become Japan s longest-serving premier. Abe called the snap election amid confusion in the opposition camp and after an uptick in his ratings, which had been hurt earlier this year by suspected cronyism scandals, in hopes of gaining a fresh mandate after nearly five years in power. But the outlook has been clouded by the emergence of popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s Party of Hope, a fledgling party that the former LDP lawmaker and defense minister calls a reformist, conservative alternative to Abe s LDP. The Nikkei said Koike s party was on track to get around 69 seats, with a forecast range of  46-110. Another new party, the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan, formed from the liberal wing of the failed opposition Democratic Party, was set to win more than 40 seats, it said. The Democrats, faced with rock-bottom ratings and internal dissension, have said they would run no candidates of their own, freeing many to run on the Party of Hope ticket. PRO-CONSTITUTION REVISION FORCES The Asahi newspaper also forecast a strong showing by the ruling bloc, with the LDP set to win well over the 233 seats needed to have a simple majority on its own. It said Koike s Party of Hope was struggling but was likely to get more than 57 seats. About 40 percent of voters were undecided, the Asahi said. The Nikkei also forecast that parties in favor of revising the post-war, pacifist constitution - Abe s long-held goal - were on track to win more than two-thirds.  That includes the LDP and Koike s Party of Hope as well as another smaller right-leaning party, the Japan Innovation Party. Amending the constitution, a politically controversial move never yet taken, requires a two-thirds majority in both chambers and a majority in a public referendum. Koike s party had raised expectations that it would cut into the LDP s conservative base. But her decision not to run for a lower house seat herself and refusal to say whom her party would support for premier after the election appears to have eroded the party s momentum. Competition among a fragmented opposition, which also includes the Japanese Communist Party, in many districts means the anti-LDP vote could be split, a plus for Abe s party. Abe has led the LDP to four landslide wins since he took the helm of the party in 2012, but turnout has been low and the LDP has typically won with about 25 percent of eligible votes. The others either stayed home or backed opposition parties. The premier has been touting the success of his  Abenomics  recipe of hyper-easy monetary policy, fiscal spending and promised structural reforms, while Koike argues that reforms have been too slow in a fast-changing global economy. The world s third-largest economy is on track for its longest expansion since World War Two, and the jobless rate was at a 23-year low of 2.8 percent in August while wages are starting to rise a bit. But Abe s reflationary policies have not yet sparked a sustainable recovery led by the private sector. ",worldnews,"October 11, 2017 ",1
Hopes and frustrations as Brexit talks resume after May speech,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British and EU negotiators talked up hopes for progress on Brexit as a new round of talks began in Brussels on Monday, three days after Prime Minister Theresa May tried to revive the process and improve the mood. But neither side disguised continued frustrations: the European Union s Michel Barnier dismissed talk of Britain diverging from EU rules during any post-Brexit transition 18 months from now; Brexit minister David Davis urged him to stop stalling talks on future trade relations if he wants London to settle its accounts.  The UK will honor commitments we have made during the period of our membership,  Davis told reporters as he met Barnier.  But it is obvious that reaching a conclusion on this issue can only be done in the context of and in accordance with a new deep and special partnership with the European Union.   We are laying down concrete proposals and there are no excuses for standing in the way of progress,  he said, echoing May s remark in Florence on Friday that other states would not lose out financially in the current EU budget cycle to 2020. Barnier said he wants to know this week what firm proposal Britain is making on settling its bills, one of the three main issues on which he is seeking  significant progress  before he will recommend that EU leaders launch talks on future relations. Barnier emphasized that a future deal and a transition to it were not foregone conclusions. And he rejected suggestions that some EU rules might no longer apply if Britain stays in the single market for a couple of years after Brexit.  Without exception,  he said, Britain would remain subject to EU budgets, judges and so on   a bitter pill for many Brexit supporters. He and Davis, meeting for the fourth round of talks in three months, both portrayed this week as an important moment; as it happens, the round is likely to wind up on Thursday just hours before May meets her fellow leaders at a summit in Estonia. The Estonian minister who chaired a preparatory meeting on Monday for that summit said during a news conference with Barnier that the 27 were entirely united and insisted on the negotiations going through Barnier. However, London hopes that progress in the talks can persuade leaders when they next meet in mid-October to give a green light to talks on future trade. Sunday s German election has raised questions on whether the weakening of Chancellor Angela Merkel, Europe s power broker, may affect the EU s calculations on Brexit. But EU officials saw no indication Berlin would stray from Merkel s call for close ties with Britain but rejection of special favors to London. In a bid to unblock the divorce talks, along with her words on settling budget commitments, May also offered a concession to EU concerns that the rights of their 3 million citizens living in Britain would be protected after Brexit. Davis said those rights, set out in the UK-EU withdrawal treaty, would be fully incorporated into British law   though the EU position remains that expatriates should be entitled to appeal to the EU court. The third key issue to be settled before the EU will agree to trade talks is on handling the sensitive border on the island of Ireland. Davis and Barnier renewed pledges to find solutions, though little detail has emerged on where those may lie and both sides acknowledge that much will depend on future trade terms. ",worldnews,"September 24, 2017 ",1
SOCIALISM SUCKS! STARVING VENEZUELANS Steal Chickens Off Of Stopped Truck [Video],We recently reported on Venezuelans taking trash bags and eating the contents   the end result of socialism isn t pretty. Here s a stopped truck being robbed of farm chickens: ,Government News,"Jun 10, 2016",0
(VIDEO) DEM PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE GIVES UNBELIEVABLY IDIOTIC REASON FOR THE CREATION OF ISIS,Can anyone be at all serious about a Presidential candidate who believes this? ,politics,"Jul 21, 2015",0
STUNNING! HERE’S HOW TRUMP SHOCKED The Media And Won The Woman Vote,"Trump won among several groups of women roving all of the so-called experts wrong. While Clinton won among women overall by more than 10 percentage points, a number of female voting groups broke for Trump   even though 73 percent of all female voters surveyed in the exit polling said they re bothered  some  or  a lot  by Trump s reported treatment of women.Trump won among white women by about 10 percentage points   and by nearly 20 points among middle-age white women. And women who describe themselves as conservative broke overwhelmingly for Trump, by 78 percent to 18 percent.Read more: NBC",politics,"Nov 9, 2016",0
EU congratulates Austria's Kurz but uneasy about possible ruling partner,"LUXEMBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union ministers on Monday congratulated Austria s Sebastian Kurz on his election victory but some were uneasy about the far-right, eurosceptic party that may enter the new government and has clashed with the bloc before. The Freedom Party (FPO) got around 26 percent of votes in Sunday s parliamentary vote, boosted by a European migration crisis in 2015 that affected Austria and also led Kurz to campaign on an anti-migration platform.  I don t have a problem with Sebastian Kurz as a person. We re not following the same line politically, that has never been the case and it never will be,  Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn said on arriving to talks with his EU peers.  He listed pro-European Austrian politicians as role models for Kurz and warned Vienna not to side with migration hardliners, including Hungary, whose government is also eurosceptic. Austria became a member of the European Union in 1995 after voting in favor of joining the bloc with a two-thirds majority. Recent opinion polls suggest three quarters of Austrians want the country to stay in the bloc. While the FPO had been a member of socialist-led governments in the 1980s, the anti-immigrant rhetoric of party leader Joerg Haider led to fierce criticism from EU neighbors when his party joined a government with the Christian Democrat OVP in 2000. The EU s 14 other member states at that time reduced bilateral cooperation with Austria until a report by senior diplomats found that the country s respect for human rights had not been diminished since the FPO joined the government. The party demanded a referendum only last year to exit the EU, as Britain is doing now. The FPO has toned down its anti-EU rhetoric in recent months but continues to call for weaker members to leave the euro zone and Austria to pay less into the common EU budget. Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto, entering the same talks in Luxembourg in which Kurz would normally also take part, said the 31-year-old Austrian conservative was his friend.   We are happy that a sister party of ours won the elections ... and we are happy that their candidate has won who in many cases represented similar positions regarding migration to the Hungarian government,  Szijjarto told reporters.  Szijjarto expected that the anti-immigration eastern EU states - Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic - to work more closely with Austria now, which would only deepen the east-west divides weakening the bloc s unity.  As Austria turns to the right, the bloc s top official dealing with EU s ties vis- -vis its neighbors, Commissioner Johannes Hahn of Austria, sought to ease concerns that Vienna may become a new enfant terrible in the bloc.  One should not forget that only a year ago Austria elected the first Green president and now it looks as if the Greens will be kicked out of parliament. There is a huge volatility among voters,  Hahn said in Luxembourg.  Each government will have a very pro-European agenda because all the major political parties are very much committed to the European Union,  he added. ",worldnews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
"Business booms at Trump Tower, nearby retailers hit by security and crowds","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bailey White, 13, stood patiently in line with her little brother Keaton at the gift store inside the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue on Wednesday afternoon, each clutching a stuffed terrier named Charlie that cost $35 per item. The beagle, with a Trump monogram on its white bandana, was modeled on the pet dog of Eric Trump, the son of President-elect Donald Trump. It was one of the few items left on the shelves of the store, which had sold out of that morning’s fresh batch of red “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” t-shirts by noon. Bailey and Keaton, 10, however, were happy with their score. The children, who had traveled to New York from Florida originally for the Thanksgiving Day Parade, told Reuters they were huge fans of Donald Trump, listing at the top of their reasons his commitment to reduce illegal immigration. Or, as the younger brother puts it, “To stop bad guys from getting in our country.” As businesses around the president-elect’s glitzy New York home have had to deal with extra security and crowds reducing foot traffic sales in the lead up to Fifth Avenue’s busiest shopping weekend, Trump souvenirs have been flying off the shelves at the billionaire’s gift store. Trump supporters like the White siblings and their mom Laura have proven to be a boon for at least one of the his businesses in the immediate aftermath of the U.S. presidential election. In just one hour, a Reuters reporter counted at least 100 people crowding the shop located on the lower level of the Tower to buy hats, pins and more. Many were disappointed to find the $30 dollar red “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” hat and all campaign t-shirts out of stock.  Just one door over, a single salesman sat in dim lighting in the middle of the day at a New York City souvenir store, also in Trump Tower, greeting visitors with, “Looking for Trump merchandise?” before redirecting them.  When asked if the number of visitors inside the Trump Tower had increased since the presidential results, a security guard in the building replied: “One hundred percent.”   Outside, where some of the world’s most well-known retailers spend more on rent than in just about any other city, shoppers had to fight through security, crowds and media packs to enter the Gucci store or tony jeweler Tiffany’s. Rosalia Betancourt, 69, first trekked to Trump Tower two days after Trump was elected in search for the eponymous red hat. They were sold out. When Betancourt, who moved to New York from Venezuela more than four decades ago, braved holiday crowds a week later on Wednesday, she had to leave empty-handed once again.  “It’s all right” she said. “I guess I’ll go online. It just has to be red.” Sari Nielsen, 71, was waiting at the Trump Cafe next door to the shop for the crowds to die down.  “I want to buy my nephew Pete a Trump golf hat for Thanksgiving,” said Nielsen, who moved to New York in 1975 from Argentina. Shoppers also had the option of buying Trump cufflinks, blankets, bags, perfume, candy, books authored by members of the family and more. The line shortened somewhat during lunchtime when visitors turned their attention to the Trump Grill, which does not offer reservations but a $25 dollar fixed-price meal. Trisha Williams, 50, of San Jose, California also made the trip to New York for the parade with her son Cayden, 8, who stayed up and watched the election. The two stood outside the Trump Tower with their gold Trump store bags. “We wanted to experience it all and buy some merchandise,” Trisha said. But many of the items she wanted to buy were not available.  “They didn’t really have very much,” Trisha said noting that a saleswoman at the store gave her a card outlining how she can make purchases online and that she’s already followed her advice. “I wanted a jacket with a Trump logo and a t-shirt, but they didn’t really have anything left.” ",politicsNews,"November 24, 2016 ",1
 Rush Limbaugh: Legalize Rape By Calling It A Civil Rights Issue (AUDIO),"During his radio show on Friday, Rush Limbaugh suggested that legalizing rape would be easy as long as you frame it as a civil rights issue like same-sex marriage and transgender protections. The media is not covering this transgender thing the way normal people, or sane people like myself,  a caller told Limbaugh before launching into the myth of predators using transgender protections as a shield to sexually assault women and children in bathrooms. I don t have any daughters, but I have nieces, I have teenage nieces, I have older nieces, I have a wife. This is a safety issue, this is about a predator, like the story you just read, going into these bathrooms and taking advantage of it. And it s happening, but they re not covering it. And it s really interesting how they took gun control and turned it into gun safety, but they re not treating this as a safety issue. And the sick mind of Limbaugh immediately thought of rape and how to legalize it. No, that s actually a good point. Civil rights   you could legalize rape if you called it the Civil Rights Act of 2016. Limbaugh continued, however, by whining about how much civil rights have been extended over the last few decades, especially lamenting that it now covers race, gender, and sexual orientation because he apparently believes only white straight men deserve civil rights. He also claimed it was only  a joke. So they always attach people, the reading public, the news consuming public, has been conditioned to attach the words  civil rights  to race. Now it s being expanded. Civil rights, gay marriage; civil rights, transgender bathroom rights; civil rights, whatever the left wants. Except over here, rape has become a safety issue. But over here this stuff is a civil rights   if, when you hear the left equate anything with civil rights, what you should learn is this is how they are attempting to corrupt the culture. And they re doing it under the banner of civil rights, which is supposed to shut you up. It is supposed to silence opposition, because nobody with a brain is ever supposed to violate civil rights. Never, anybody with a brain would know never to oppose anything that says  civil rights  attached to it. Which is why the joke, you could legalize whatever you want by calling it the Civil Rights Act of 2016, because nobody would have the guts to vote against it. Because if they did you d have the media, Democrats running around, saying so-and-so voted against the Civil Rights Act of 2016 denying all of our citizens equal rights, blah blah blah blah blah. Here s the audio via Media Matters.In his effort to slander Democrats, Limbaugh also claimed that  rape has become a safety issue  for conservatives. First of all, Limbaugh seems to be admitting that conservatives never cared about rape before. And second, if conservatives really believe rape is a safety issue, perhaps they should stop aiding and rewarding rapists by not forcing rape victims to carry rape pregnancies to term. Furthermore, they can repeal laws that allow rapists to seek custody and visitation rights. Or how about believing women when they say they were raped instead of saying they were asking for it.The fact is that there have been zero instances of a transgender person doing anything but using the restroom like a normal person. They certainly haven t sexually assaulted anyone. And that s throughout the 17 states and over 200 cities that have transgender protection in place. In fact, the only men who have gone into a restroom to scare women and children are the ones being purposely sent in there by the Family Research Council, a right-wing group trying to instill fear of transgender people by pretending there is a problem with them using the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity.But get ready, folks. It won t be long before a conservative lawmaker takes Limbaugh seriously like usual and literally writes a bill to legalize rape by excusing it as a civil rights issue. And the way Republicans have treated rape victims over the years, you know they are considering it.Featured image via  screenshot",News,"May 15, 2016",0
TRUMP CALLS OUT Washington Post #FakeNews Reporter For Posting Fake Pictures Of Rally Hours Before It Started…Posts Actual Pictures Of Packed Stadium,"Washington Post reporter took to Twitter to post an image of the venue where Trump was to appear in several hours. The only problem is, the Washington Post reporter didn t say the image was taken several hours before President Trump appeared on stage.Here is Dave Weigel s #FakeNews post, that he has since deleted:As someone who attended Trump s final campaign rally, the night before the election in Grand Rapids, MI, I can attest to the incredible amount of security Trump supporters must go through before entering the venue. Trump supporters were lined up for miles to get into the event we attended, and after several hours, many of his supporters were seen trickling in, hours after the event started, after waiting to get through security..@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/XAblFGh1ob  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017Here are a few of the pictures Trump posted in his tweet above to show the actual size of the crowd: After the Washington Post reporter was outed by President Trump, for lying on Twitter about the size of Trump s crowd at his rally, he apologized:Sure thing: I apologize. I deleted the photo after @dmartosko told me I'd gotten it wrong. Was confused by the image of you walking in the bottom right corner. https://t.co/fQY7GMNSaD  Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) December 9, 2017President Trump responded to Dave Weigel s apology on Twitter. Trump called for his firing for pushing #FakeNews on Twitter..@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017Many of Trump s supporters came to his defense on Twitter as well, posting images of a packed stadium for everyone to see:Here s what the line outside of the Trump rally actually looked like:HAPPENING NOW!Trump Rally Pensacola!pic.twitter.com/549Oq74upD  TRUMP News 24/7 (@MichaelDelauzon) December 8, 2017Here are several shots of the Pensacola venue from inside:STADIUM PACKED at Trump Rally in Pensacola, Fl!We aren't going ANYWHERE! We are just getting started  .again! Make America Great Again  #ThingsITrustMorethanCNN #ResistanceIsImportant #TrumpRally pic.twitter.com/61RcSUG2dO  Kambree Kawahine Koa (@KamVTV) December 9, 2017For those saying Pensacola Bay Center was empty tonight for Trump Rally pic.twitter.com/zZqVYK8xIf  Bard Law (@TwoLameDucks) December 9, 2017Crowds gather for Trump Rally in Pensacola today!! pic.twitter.com/eRJy92nz6m  ssd (@Pismo_B) December 8, 2017A video view from inside the Pensacola Trump rally tonight, as the president talked about illegal immigration pic.twitter.com/VoPbEBqijE  David Martosko (@dmartosko) December 9, 2017",left-news,"Dec 9, 2017",0
Hardliners protest French labor reform after Macron chides 'slackers',"PARIS (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of hard-left trade unionists marched through French cities on Tuesday to protest against President Emmanuel Macron s labor law reforms, although turnout appeared lower than at demonstrations in previous years. Hitting back at Macron s pledge to give no ground to  slackers , some in Paris carried placards reading:  Slacker on Strike  while in Bordeaux demonstrators chanted:  Macron you re screwed, the slackers are in the streets.  The interior ministry said 223,000 protesters turned out across the country, compared with about 400,000 during March 2016 s demonstration. Riot police clashed with hooded youths in isolated skirmishes on the fringe of the march led by the Communist Party-linked CGT union in Paris. The union said some 400,000 had marched across France, down from its estimate for 2016 of 1.2 million. Labor unions have scuppered previous attempts to weaken France s labor code, but this time there was comfort for Macron as two other unions, including the largest, the CFDT, declined to join the protests.  We ve been passing laws which take apart the labor code for 20 years. The answer (to unemployment) doesn t lie in rolling it back further,  said Maxime Durand, a train driver on strike. After weeks of negotiation, the government last month set out measures including a cap on payouts for dismissals judged unfair and greater freedom for companies to hire and fire.  The reform makes no direct reference to the 35-hour week, a totem of the labor code, though it hands firms more flexibility to set pay and working conditions. The government plans to adopt the new measures, being implemented by decree, on Sept. 22. During a trip to Athens on Friday, Macron told the local French community:  I am fully determined and I won t cede any ground, not to slackers, nor cynics, nor hardliners.  He said the  slackers  comment was aimed at those who had failed to push through reforms in the past, although political opponents and some unions took it as an attack on the unemployed or on workers making the most of job protection.  We will make Macron back down,  far-left firebrand Jean-Luc Melenchon, who has become Macron s most vocal opponent in parliament, said on the sidelines of a protest in Marseille.  French workers have long cherished the rights enshrined in the labor code, but companies complain it has deterred investment and job creation and stymied economic growth. Unemployment has been above 9 percent for nearly a decade. Macron s reforms are being followed in Germany as a test of his resolve to reshape the euro zone s second-biggest economy, a must if he is to win Berlin s backing for broader reforms to the currency union. The CGT is France s second-biggest union, though its influence has been waning. Its leader Philippe Martinez said Tuesday s nationwide protests were the  first phase  and more would follow. He called Macron s reference to  slackers  an insult to workers.  The president should listen to the people, understand them, rather than cause divisions,  Martinez told France 2 television. CGT workers from the rail, oil and power sectors heeded the strike call but by the afternoon there was no apparent impact on power and refining production, spokespeople for utility EDF (EDF.PA) and oil major Total (TOTF.PA) said. Just over 11 percent of the workforce at EDF, which operates France s fleet of 48 nuclear reactors, took part in the strike, a spokeswoman for the state-owned utility said. Macron landed in the French Caribbean on Tuesday to survey the devastation wrought by Hurricane Irma on the territory of Saint Martin. Governments on the political left and right have been trying for decades to overhaul the 3,000-page labor code, but ended up watering down their plans in the face of street demonstrations. Macron was economy minister in the Socialist government of president Francois Hollande, whose attempt at labor reform led to weeks of protests that at their peak brought 400,000 onto the streets, and stoked a rebellion within his own party. Hollande was forced to dilute his proposals, but so far there are no signs of Macron feeling compelled to back down. An opinion poll published on Sept. 1 indicated that voters have mixed views on the reform. Nearly six in 10 said they opposed Macron s labor decrees overall. But when respondents looked at individual measures, most received majority support. With economic growth accelerating, unemployment on a downward trend and the leading unions divided in their response to the reforms, it is not clear whether the protests will gain significant momentum. ",worldnews,"September 11, 2017 ",1
SHOWBOATING DEMOCRAT Walks Out of Moment of Silence for Texas Massacre Victims: ‘Screw the NRA’,"You have to believe this junior Democratic Congressman is a bit unhinged and immature when you read what he did during a moment of silence for the Texas victims. He walked out of the moment of silence Monday night for victims of this weekend s mass shooting at a Texas church. The Democrats have politicized the shooting in Texas from day one This showboating politician thought of politics before honoring the victims of the shooting in Texas (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Posted by Ted Lieu on Monday, November 6, 2017FOX NEWS REPORTED:California s Ted Lieu said that he would not join his colleagues who were observing the moment of silence in the chambers of the House of Representatives: I can t do this again I ve been to too many moments of silences. In just my short period in Congress, three of the worst mass shootings in us history have occurred. I will not be silent. I urge us to pass reasonable gun safety legislation, including a universal background check law supported by 80 percent of Americans, a ban on assault rifles and a ban on bump stocks. WHAT LIEU FAILED TO REVEAL:The shooter should not have been able to purchase guns! The Air Force made an error and did not report the shooter so he would be flagged. The laws are in place Mr. Lieu! SCREW THE NRA My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families affected by the mass shooting in Sutherland Springs,  he posted on Twitter Sunday.But just two hours later, after some of his followers objected to the measured nature of the tweet, Lieu unloaded on the NRA:I agree my prior tweet could be better. So here: I pray for the victims in TX. Also, screw the @NRA & can you help Dems take back the House.  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) November 5, 2017",politics,"Nov 7, 2017",0
German conservatives push Finance Minister Schaeuble to swap job,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Senior conservatives raised pressure on Wolfgang Schaeuble on Tuesday to give up the finance ministry and instead impose his authority as head of Germany s next parliament, which will include a large bloc of far-right members. Schaeuble has held the ministry since 2009 but Sunday s election, in which Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives bled support to the far right and found themselves needing to build an untried coalition, has raised doubts over whether he can keep the job. The post is coveted in particular by the pro-business, low-tax FDP, whose support Merkel is likely to need, together with the Greens, to assemble a working majority.    The tone in the new assembly is also likely to be made more abrasive by the Alternative for Germany (AfD), which stunned the establishment on Sunday by becoming the first far-right party to enter parliament in more than half a century. A member of the executive committee of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) said that, if Schaeuble were to become parliamentary speaker, it would be  very important - because of the AfD and the climate in parliament . Guenther Oettinger, the European Union s budget commissioner and a conservative from the same region as Schaeuble, told the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper that Schaeuble would make an  ideal  candidate for the post. Schaeuble has refused to discuss his future after the election, beyond signaling his desire to stay in politics. The new lower house, the Bundestag, has until Oct. 24 to convene, and a new president of parliament must be chosen by then. The current president, CDU lawmaker Norbert Lammert, is not up for re-election. The Bundestag president cannot simultaneously hold a ministerial post. After Sunday s election, Merkel s conservative bloc remains the largest group in the lower house, but looks unable to renew its current alliance with the center-left Social Democrats, leaving a coalition with FDP and Greens as the only practical option. Securing the finance ministry would give the FDP the chance to cut taxes and also oppose the kind of closer euro zone integration proposed by French President Emmanuel Macron. Speaking at Schaeuble s 75th birthday celebration last week, Merkel paid tribute to his 45 years as a member of parliament, but gave no clear signal that she wanted to retain him in the post after the election. Confined to a wheelchair since being shot at an election rally in 1990, Schaeuble is widely respected in Germany as a steward of the nation s finances, and enjoyed Merkel s strong support during the euro zone debt crisis, which almost tore the currency bloc apart. But he is a hate figure in Greece and other parts of southern Europe for his insistence on austerity at a time of deep recession in return for euro zone bailout loans.  ",worldnews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
THEIR EVIL KNOWS NO BOUNDS: TALIBAN EXECUTES 5 “SAVE THE CHILDREN WORKERS” AS ISIS KIDNAPS 120 SCHOOLCHILDREN TO BE TRAINED AS TERRORISTS,"The Taliban or ISIS? Does it really matter? Radical islam is just evil and knows no bounds.Killing aid workers is as low as they could go except now they ve brought it down to the kid level Five aid workers who d been kidnapped were found murdered:The bodies of five Afghan aid workers working for Save the Children were found on Friday, 39 days after their abduction by the Taliban in the central province of Uruzgan, a spokesman for provincial governor Dost Mohammad Nayab said.ISIS KIDNAPS 120 CHILDREN:The Islamic State group has abducted 120 schoolchildren in the embattled Iraqi city of Mosul, it was reported Sunday, and has transported the kids to an unknown locationAccording to Iraqi sources quoted by the German DPA wire service, the children, aged 12-15, were reportedly snatched from their classrooms and loaded on military vehicles by the Islamist extremists.According to local reports, the abducted children were taken by IS to be trained as fighters for the terror group. The children of wealthy families are said to be ransomed back to their families for significant sums that can run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.On Saturday, Islamic State fighters launched suicide attacks against the Baiji oil refinery, Iraq s largest, a senior army officer said. The jihadist group claimed it broke in but the Iraqi army said the site, which has been the scene of fierce battles since IS swept across the region last year, remained under its control.The Islamic State group launched a massive offensive on northwestern Iraq in June and swept across much of the country s Sunni Arab heartland within days.Counter-terror and other forces tasked with protecting the vital Baiji refinery held out and remained besieged for months.VIA: GATEWAY PUNDIT",politics,"Apr 13, 2015",0
 Secret Memo Shows That Every Single Congressman Could Be Hit In Russian Investigation,"Yet another day and yet another leak. A secret Republican National Committee memo was released on Monday that shows that Republicans are preparing for what may be inevitable. They may all be implicated, or at least investigated, in the growing Russian scandal.According to a Buzzfeed report, the RNC has issued a memo to their employees telling them to preserve absolutely everything regarding the 2016 election. Given the important role that the RNC plays in national elections and the potentially expansive scope of the inquiries and investigations, it is possible that we will be contacted with requests for information,  reads a July 28 memo to staff from the RNC Counsel s Office. Therefore, we must preserve all documents potentially relevant to these matters until they are resolved or until we are informed by all necessary parties that preservation is no longer necessary. BuzzFeed News obtained a copy of the memo, which orders employees not to  delete, destroy, modify, or remove from your paper files, laptop computer, desktop computer, tablet, mobile device, e-mail, or any storage system or device, any documents, records, or other materials that relate to the 2016 presidential election or that may relate to any investigation concerning the election.  An RNC source confirmed the memo s authenticity Monday morning.Source: BuzzfeedGotta give them credit. At least they aren t telling their minions to shred everything. Perhaps that s in the subtext.The RNC insists that they aren t currently being investigated and that they don t have a specific reason to believe that they will be, but they are taking the measures, just in case. If Russia did hack voting machines, you can be sure that the RNC, along with every GOP Congressman, should be investigated.This is all pretty ironic, given all the hubbub surrounding the Democratic National Committee, who should be laughing all the way to the White House. Instead, they re still drowning their sorrows in vodka tonics over an election that was stolen.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"July 31, 2017",0
‘STAY WOKE’? Democrat Lawmakers And Protesters Call For Conservative Websites To Be Banned: “We must insist that our freedom of speech is preserved.”… Huh?,"This is truly where we re heading with freedom of speech in America and it s scary. There are people on the left who want to silence conservatives. The only speech allowed is the speech from the left. Sounds very 1930 s Germany to us. The left wants you to march in lock-step to what they say or they ll beat the h*ll out of you. Just try and wear a  Make America Great Again  hat to a rally and see what the lefties do to you. This is disturbing but what s even more disturbing is that we have lawmakers who are going overboard in their rhetoric Barbara Lee is a great example of this: STAY WOKE!    DEMOCRAT BARBARA LEEDemocratic lawmakers joined alt-left protesters who want to ban conservative news websites at a protest outside of the Federal Communications Commission, Thursday.Rep. Barbara Lee (D. Calif.) told the crowd of protesters and antifa members to  stay woke  in fighting against FCC chairman Ajit Pai s proposal to roll back Obama era net neutrality rules.Politico Pro reported that four Democrats joined the protest, which included members of the alt-left groups who have targeted Pai and held protests in his neighborhood. Politico did not mention protesters wearing masks and identifying themselves as part of the antifa movement. They held signs advocating to ban news websites such as the Drudge Report and Breitbart. We must stay vigilant,  Lee said.  We must insist that our freedom of speech is preserved. Senators Ron Wyden (D., Ore.), Ed Markey (D., Mass.), and Rep. Jared Polis (D., Colo.) also  joined the activists  protesting Pai s proposal, which would bring less regulation for Internet service providers.The FCC voted 2-1 Thursday afternoon to begin the process of reversing net neutrality rules, including Title II, which subjected Internet companies to regulations on how they can manage traffic on their networks. The proposal will now be open to public comment for 90 days.Politico mentioned Protect Our Internet as one of the groups that organized the FCC protest, but failed to mention the group s ties to members of DisruptJ20 and antifa, which have been involved in violent protests against the presidential inauguration and conservative speakers on college campuses.Read more: Washington Free Beacon",politics,"May 18, 2017",0
"After Yemeni air strike, little girl is family's only survivor","SANAA (Reuters) - Her bruised eyes still swollen shut, Buthaina Muhammad Mansour, believed to be four or five, doesn t yet know that her parents, five siblings and uncle were killed when an air strike flattened their home in Yemen s capital. Despite concussion and skull fractures, doctors think Buthaina will pull through   her family s sole survivor of the Aug 25 attack on an apartment building that residents blame on a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen since 2015. The alliance said in a statement it would investigate the air strike, which killed at least 12 civilians. Yemen s long war involving competing Yemeni factions and regional power struggles has killed at least 10,000 people. Millions more have been forced to leave their homes and face disease and hunger. Aid agencies have called for a speedy resolution to the conflict, warning that the impoverished country is now victim to the world s greatest man-made humanitarian disaster. Lying disoriented in her hospital bed on Saturday, Buthaina called out for her uncle, Mounir, who was among those killed in the attack. Another uncle, Saleh Muhammad Saad, told Reuters Mounir had rushed to the family s house when Buthaina s father called him at 2 a.m. to say war planes were bombing their neighborhood in Sanaa s Faj Attan district. He never returned. By the time Saleh got to the house, it was a ruin of broken concrete blocks and wooden planks. Hearing survivors groaning from beneath the rubble, he battled to free them.  I could hear the shouts of one of their neighbors from under the rubble, and tried to remove the rubble from on top of (Buthaina s father) and his wife, but I couldn t. They died,  he said.  We lifted the rubble and saw first her brother Ammar, who was three, and her four sisters, all of them dead. I paused a little and just screamed out from the pain. But I pulled myself together, got back there and then heard Buthaina calling.  He said her survival had given him some solace as he mourned the rest of the family.  Her sister Raghad always used to come up and hug me and kiss me when I visited. I used to say to her,  Come on, that s enough.  And she would say  Oh no it isn t!  and just keep hugging and kissing.  ",worldnews,"August 26, 2017 ",1
U.S. not ruling out possible oil embargo on Venezuela: Haley,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Thursday a range of options remained on the table, including a possible oil embargo, if Venezuela did not move to restore its democratic processes.  There s a lot of support in Latin America to see Venezuela start to respect its people and go back to the democracy it s supposed to be,  she told reporters.  If things don t improve, all those options are always there,  Haley added, saying specifically that the possibility of an oil embargo remained.  It s not off the table, I can tell you that,  she said. ",worldnews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
AUDIT: Obama’s IRS ‘Misled’ Americans to Get Them to Sign Up for Obamacare,"Soooo the IRS lied to Americans to  prod  them to comply and sign up for Obamacare. They lied about the cost of Obamacare. Does anyone see the criminality in this? It s a classic bait and switch but by our government! The Obama administration  misled  Americans into thinking signing up for Obamacare would be cheaper than it really was, according to an inspector general s report Thursday that said the IRS dramatically understated the actual cost of enrolling. IRS officials sent the letters to try to prod Americans to comply with the 2010 health law s  individual mandate  that penalizes them for not holding coverage.But as part of the letters, the IRS said most people could find plans for $75 a month or less once government subsidies were figured in. That was untrue   in fact, the average cost was more than twice that figure, at $168 a month, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration said. Many of the nearly 7.5 million taxpayers who receive letters and seek insurance may feel misled if the actual cost of their insurance is much higher than the $75 per month detailed in their notification letter,  the inspector general concluded. The IRS said it was only using numbers provided by Department of Health and Human Services and verified by the Treasury Department. They said the $75 figure was true for some taxpayers.The inspector general said it asked for that documentation but never received it.Auditors said their own analysis found the HHS studies were based on a smaller sample and was limited to those who chose lower-coverage plans with fewer benefits.According to the new audit, federal regulations require agencies to present accurate information.Investigators uncovered the misleading information as part of a broader audit about how the IRS was handling its role in alerting Americans who aren t complying with Obamacare s mandate to hold insurance.Read more: WT ",politics,"Aug 4, 2017",0
" Fox News Just Got SLAPPED With A Racial Discrimination Lawsuit, And It’s About Damn Time","Years of racism in the workplace has finally resulted in a long overdue lawsuit against Fox News.On the same day that Fox host Bill O Reilly made an outrageously racist comment about Congresswoman Maxine Waters, and a week after news broke that Fox fired comptroller Judith Slater for making racist remarks to black employees, a racial discrimination lawsuit was formally filed against the network by two African-American women who experienced the racism firsthand.According to The New York Times,The women   Tichaona Brown, a payroll manager, and Tabrese Wright, a payroll coordinator   accused Ms. Slater of making numerous racially charged comments, including suggestions that black men were  women beaters  and that black people wanted to physically harm white people.They also said that Ms. Slater claimed that black employees mispronounced words, such as  mother,   father,   month  and  ask,  and that she urged Ms. Brown to say those words aloud in a meeting. Ms. Wright said Ms. Slater once asked if her three children were all  fathered by the same man. The lawsuit was filed in State Supreme Court in the Bronx and the attorneys representing the two ladies are  confident  that Fox is not going to like the outcome if they go to court. We are confident that the good men and women of the Bronx will hold Fox accountable for what we believe to be its abhorrent racist conduct, reminiscent of the Jim Crow era,  they said in a joint statement.Of course, Fox News whined about the lawsuit in a statement to Raw Story.We take complaints of this nature very seriously and took prompt and effective remedial action before Ms. Brown and Ms. Wright sued in court and even before Ms. Wright complained through her lawyer. There is no place for inappropriate verbal remarks like this at Fox News. We are disappointed that this needless litigation has been filed.Frankly, it s about damn time Fox News faced a lawsuit like this. The network s record of racism and racist remarks has been atrocious over the years, especially since the election of the President Obama in 2008.Bill O Reilly and Sean Hannity have been especially guilty of being racist, yet unlike Slater, they remain employed by the network.O Reilly has even been named in sexual harassment lawsuits but Fox executives still keep paying him to run his mouth every night.Fox News is pretty much saying that it s okay if their on-air personalities are sexist and racist but it s not okay for their executives who work behind the scenes. Sounds like a double standard.But the sexism and racism at Fox News is now catching up to them as former and current employees are starting to fight back by filing lawsuits. At some point, Fox News is going to have to drag itself and their employees into the 21st century before they go broke trying to defend themselves in court.Featured Image: Dangerous Minds",News,"March 29, 2017",0
Congress moves to revamp toxic chemical law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation with bipartisan support that would revamp U.S. chemical safety law for the first time in decades is advancing in Congress, winning overwhelming passage in the House of Representatives as backers sought quick Senate action. Senate leadership aides said the timing was still being worked out for a Senate vote on the first update of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) in about 40 years. The House’s 403-12 vote to pass the measure updating the regulation of toxic chemicals aided the bill’s chances, with the Senate also expected to strongly embrace the bill, according to leadership aides. “By removing 40-year-old barriers and modernizing procedures, we reduce the risk to consumers. This means the chemicals and products we use every day will be safer for Americans,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said. Lawmakers have complained that under current law, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has been unable to effectively regulate chemicals, including those that can be found in hardware stores for home improvements. “Under current law, it’s become harder for the EPA to ban even substances that are known to cause cancer, such as asbestos,” said Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, in calling for passage of the bill on Tuesday. According to the House Energy and Commerce Committee, “Absent EPA action under TSCA, some states, litigants and even consumer product retailers have been increasingly taking steps to restrict certain chemicals, not always relying on objective scientific analysis to make these decisions.” Under the bill, the government would evaluate risks posed by chemicals without considering the cost of taking action. If there are indications that a chemical’s use presents an unreasonable risk, the EPA would attempt to manage the risk, under the bill. Steps could range from labeling the product to banning it. Under the compromise bill hammered out by Republicans and Democrats, the EPA would have to consider the impact of a chemical on health and the environment, the chemical’s benefits and the economic impact of regulation. ",politicsNews,"May 25, 2016 ",1
Pro-business Sessions will not go easy on corporate crime: lawyers,"(Reuters) - Jeff Sessions may be known as a pro-business conservative but as U.S. attorney general he is unlikely to shy away from indicting big companies and individuals for serious white-collar crimes, legal experts said, citing his record as a lawmaker. President-elect Donald Trump on Friday named Sessions, a four-term senator from Alabama and former federal prosecutor, to lead the Justice Department. Sessions, 69, an early supporter of Trump, is expected to accept the cabinet post if confirmed. A spokesman for Sessions did not respond to a request for comment. Because of the dearth of big banks and companies in his home state, there is little in Sessions’ track record as a federal prosecutor and state attorney general from the 1970s to the 1990s to suggest how he might approach complex cases of corporate malfeasance. But a review of his record in the Senate indicates he will likely push for corporate indictments, instead of settling for fines, and may focus on putting more executives in prison, lawyers who specialize in white-collar crime said. For example, during a 2010 confirmation hearing for James Cole, Sessions questioned the former U.S. deputy attorney general about the “dangerous” philosophy of not charging companies criminally because of concerns that doing so could lead to bankruptcy and hurt employees and shareholders. “Normally, I was taught if they violated a law, you charge them. If they didn’t violate the law, you don’t charge them,” Sessions said during the hearing. Matthew Schwartz, a former federal prosecutor and lawyer at Boies, Schiller & Flexner, said Sessions’ remarks suggested that he may be more willing than the current administration to require a guilty plea from corporations with less concern for  collateral consequences.  He said Sessions would also likely support the Justice Department’s renewed efforts to prosecute executives, outlined in a policy memo last year by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates. While an unabashed businessman, Trump was highly critical of Hillary Clinton’s ties to Wall Street, accusing his Democratic rival of being beholden to the interests of big investment banks.  That message resonated with many working class voters who suffered in the financial crisis of 2008 and are still angry that no top-level Wall Street figures have been prosecuted for acts that almost brought down the global financial system.  “Until we see evidence to the contrary, it appears that the new Justice Department will be one that will seek to hold every individual accountable to the fullest extent. So the stakes may be higher,” Schwartz said. Jackson Sharman, a white-collar defense lawyer in Alabama, said that he believed Sessions would want to be as tough on white-collar as on street criminals. He pointed to Sessions’ recent opposition to a crime bill that would have shown sentencing leniency for non-violent offenders. Daniel Richman, a former federal prosecutor and Columbia Law School professor, who has testified before Sessions’ Senate Judiciary Committee, agreed that the Alabama senator will be “a strong supporter” of corporate enforcement. In the past, Sessions has come out in favor of tough Justice Department tactics against companies accused of fraud.  In 2007, corporate counsels pushed for a law that would have stopped the Justice Department from pressuring companies to waive attorney-client privilege during fraud investigations. But during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, Sessions argued against any such rule, noting that prosecutors regularly pressure street criminals to waive constitutional rights using the threat of tougher penalties if they do not co-operate.  Sessions said the Justice Department should be able to use similar leverage against corporations.  Corporate crime “is not easy to prosecute or investigate. They have the best lawyers that you can find, and they utilize all the legitimate tools that they have,” Sessions said. “And you have to be strong... a prosecutor cannot be a weak-kneed person going up against a major corporation in a fraud case.” ",politicsNews,"November 19, 2016 ",1
"New Zealand goes to polls on Saturday, ending tight, volatile race","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealanders go to the polls on Saturday in the most volatile and hard-fought race in recent history, which could usher in a change in openness to migration and trade and the central bank s approach to monetary policy.  Volatile opinion polls have shown a neck-and-neck race, although the ruling National Party of Prime Minister Bill English has led in recent polls, with two giving it a lead of nearly 10 points. A change in the Labour Party leadership last month turned what had been expected to be a dull campaign into a nail-biting event, with 37-year old Jacinda Ardern vying to become the third woman prime minister and the youngest of recent times.  It s tight,  Ardern, whose popularity prompted media to coin the term  Jacindamania , said on Friday.  It shows that every single vote will count and that turnout will determine this election. Labour hopes to ride a worldwide wave of change that most recently propelled France s Emmanuel Macron to become its youngest head of state since Napoleon. English, a 55-year-old former finance minister who took over after John Key s shock resignation last year, is making his second bid to be elected leader after a failed attempt in 2002.  Both leaders are expected to stay the course in terms of fiscal prudence, but will probably differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration, spelling ramifications for the New Zealand dollar, the world s 11th most traded currency in 2016. Ardern wants to add employment to the central bank s inflation-targeting mandate, which could mean more stimulatory monetary policy. She also wants to cut migration and renegotiate certain trade deals, which some worry could hurt two key sources of growth for New Zealand s small, outward-looking economy. Election uncertainty could have temporarily weighed on the economy, by making firms more cautious over investments and hiring, said Philip Borkin, a senior economist at ANZ. A tight outcome could weigh on the currency as could one foreshadowing a change in government, he added.  If it comes in and shows there is a decent chance of a change in government, I think that could be a factor weighing on the currency, just from an unknown point of view.  Given New Zealand s German-style proportional representation system, it could take weeks to determine the composition of the new government, with minority parties expected to have an outsize impact. About 986,000 ballots have already been cast, says the Electoral Commission, accounting for almost a third of the 3.2 million voters enrolled. In past elections, advanced votes pointed to the final results. But  special votes , from voters overseas and outside their home constituencies, could sway the outcome. This category, which made up 12 percent of votes in 2014, will only be announced on Oct. 7. The new government s make-up will also depend on negotiations between parties that could last weeks, particularly if the results are close.  Winston Peters, leader of the nationalist New Zealand First Party, which is likely to become the kingmaker, has declined to say which bloc of parties will get his support until the results become official on Oct. 12. With a loss in momentum in the Labour campaign, the latest polls suggest it is more likely that Peters will join forces with National, said Oliver Hartwich, executive director at the New Zealand Initiative think tank.       It would be hard for him to argue why he would give it to Labour if they are really 8 to 9 percentage points behind,  he added. For a graphic on New Zealand's parliamentary elections, click: tmsnrt.rs/2joJZGV For a graphic on New Zealand markets react to opinion polls, click: tmsnrt.rs/2faMawe ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
Hurricane Irma to move over portions of Virgin Islands soon: NHC,"(Reuters) - The eye of potentially catastrophic category 5 Hurricane Irma is closing in on the Virgin Islands, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said in its latest advisory on Wednesday. Hurricane Irma is about 140 miles (225 km) east of San Juan Puerto Rico, with maximum sustained winds of 185 mph (295 km/h), the Miami-based weather forecaster said.  The extremely dangerous core of Irma will move over portions of the Virgin Islands very soon, pass near or just north of Puerto Rico this afternoon or tonight,  the NHC said. Irma will pass near or just north of the coast of the Dominican Republic Thursday, and be near the Turks and Caicos and southeastern Bahamas late Thursday, it added. ",worldnews,"September 6, 2017 ",1
"HUFFINGTON POST PUBLISHES, Then DELETES “Trump Is Absolutely Right About Sweden” Article…But OOPS! It Was Archived…And We’re Happy To Share Its BRUTALLY HONEST Content With You!","Yesterday, social media was buzzing after The Huffington Post actually posted a story that not only backed up Trump s assertion about Sweden being a hot mess, but it called out journalists for lying about how the invasion of immigrants are destroying European nations. The title of the article in and of itself, is bad enough:  Trump is absolutely right about Sweden but the honesty with which the writer approaches the subject is even more stunning.  Not surprisingly, after getting a lot of negative reaction from the left who felt the Huffington Post let them down by actually telling the truth, the Huffington Post deleted the story. Our friend @TEN_GOP was kind enough to archive the story before they deleted it.https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/834822902495145985President Trump tweeted clarification of the comments he made about Sweden that the Huffington Post author Ren  Zografos  referenced in his article:My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017After The Huffington Post deleted his article, Ren  Zografos  came out in defense of his words and of Trump comments about Sweden on Twitter:Trump is absolutely right about Sweden https://t.co/jyFM3bjIE8  Ren  Zografos (@zokrates) February 22, 2017Here he Zografos defends his article as nothing but the truth. :Thank you for all supports so far, kind people. The story is nothing but the truth.. #truth #media #Trump  Ren  Zografos (@zokrates) February 23, 2017Sweden has huge problems because of liberal immigration policy Many journalists around the world are eager to condemn Donald Trump no matter what. When he tweeted about immigration in Sweden few days ago, the social media exploded. Most of the opponent said that Trump has made up the immigration problem Sweden have. They are wrong.Only hours later there was a riot of violence and destructions by immigrants in the capitol of Sweden, Stockholm. The police was forced to shoot with ammunition to put and end to it. In Malm , another city south in Sweden they have struggle with gang violence and lawlessness for years. So when Trump talk about that Sweden have an immigration problem he is actually spot on.It s well known for Scandinavians and other Europeans that liberal immigration comes with drugs, rapes, gang wars, robbery and violence. Additional to that we see the respective nations cultures fading away, for good and for bad.But the immigration problem is not only a Swedish predicament. The truth is, that several European cities have huge immigration problems where even the police force is afraid to interfere in some locations in these cities. UK, France and several other European countries are changing rapidly with extreme quantity of immigration. I m not saying immigration is only bad, but a lot of problems come with poor immigration policy, as consequences we get violence, terror and gangs. The fact is that the press here in Europe hasn t doing their job properly. There is this fear for journalists to not report the basic truth   which is that Europe has enormous problems that comes from liberal immigration politics, and as we also now can see in Sweden, but also here in Norway. But it s not political correct for journalists to say or write that immigration in Europe is unsuccessful. When that said, most of the people that come from other countries are behaving flawless and are a gift to our society, but then again to report that everything is all good is simply wrong and these journalists should find another job, because they do not have enough integrity that requires to be decent journalist.Go here to see the actual archived article. ",left-news,"Feb 23, 2017",0
BLACK CONSERVATIVE Student DESTROYS Black Lives Crybabies: “I Am Katie Danforth And I Am Working My A*S Off To Become Something” [VIDEO],"If you have the time, you should watch every minute of this video. If you can t watch it all, go to the 56 minute mark and watch DePaul University Junior, Katie Danforth give the Black Lives Matter Crybabies get an earful: ",left-news,"May 25, 2016",0
Palestinian leader to respond to Trump's Jerusalem announcement in TV speech,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will deliver a televised speech on Wednesday in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s anticipated announcement that Washington recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a Palestinian official said.   The president (Abbas) will first listen to President Trump s speech, and will then give a response,  the official told Reuters, adding that the remarks would be broadcast on Palestine TV.  Trump s announcement on Jerusalem, a city at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, was set for 1 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has so far held off on commenting explicitly about Trump s planned policy shift. ",worldnews,"December 6, 2017 ",1
"U.S. women lawmakers on sex harassment: Congress, heal thyself","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House of Representatives will adopt mandatory training on sexual harassment and discrimination, Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday after members of Congress shared stories of women being propositioned and groped in the halls of the U.S. Capitol. “Our goal is not only to raise awareness, but also make abundantly clear that harassment in any form has no place in this institution,” the Republican speaker said in a statement. Ryan announced the new policy as a first step in the House’s review of sexual harassment policies after women lawmakers related in unflinching detail accounts of harassment and intimidation by House members and staff in Congress. The Committee on House Administration held a hearing on sexual harassment policies against a backdrop of social outrage over sexual misconduct by powerful men that began with allegations by multiple women against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein. He has denied having non-consensual sex with anyone. Roy Moore, the Republican U.S. Senate candidate from Alabama, has faced allegations by five women accusing him of sexual misconduct when they were teenagers. Ryan and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell have urged Moore to drop out of the race. Moore has denied the allegations. U.S. Representative Jackie Speier told the panel that two current House members, a Republican and a Democrat, had engaged in sexual harassment. She did not identify the lawmakers. She said numerous staff members, both men and women, had been subjected to inexcusable and often illegal behavior. They included “propositions such as ‘Are you going to be a good girl?’ to perpetrators exposing their genitals, to victims having their private parts grabbed on the House floor,” she said. Speier later told MSNBC: “We do know that about $15 million has been paid out by the House on behalf of harassers in the last 10 to 15 years,” including one taxpayer-funded settlement on behalf of one of the current House members.  About 1,500 former congressional staffers have urged the House and Senate leadership to address the issue. The Senate passed a resolution last week to require training. Democratic U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar, a lead sponsor of that measure, said the next step was to make changes in how harassment complaints are handled. “You wonder why there’s only 21 women in the Senate or why there’s no women running Hollywood studios or there’s hardly any women running major businesses,” Klobuchar told reporters. “Well, when you have a work environment where people can’t get ahead without having to put out, that’s what happens.”  ",politicsNews,"November 14, 2017 ",1
BUSTED! NANCY PELOSI Claims No Meeting With Russian Ambassador…Photo From 2010 Proves Otherwise! [Video]," Pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the Russian ambassador:Pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: Pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: Leader Pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private, one-on-one meetings, which she has never had with Ambassador Kislyak,  Hammill said.  The Ambassador was incidental to the 2010 meeting between then-Russian President Medvedev and then-Speaker Pelosi. Clearly, one needs to remind Politico that Attorney General Sessions lied under oath about a secret meeting amidst Russia s hacking of our election, which he also didn t disclose in a written questionnaire. ",Government News,"Mar 3, 2017",0
Dutch authorities try to avoid Russian air ban over Schiphol landing slots,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Authorities in the Netherlands tried on Tuesday to defuse a threat by Moscow to close Russian air space to Dutch planes in a dispute over landing slots at Amsterdam s Schiphol airport.  The Dutch Airline Pilots Association said Russia has indicated it will enforce the ban from Saturday. It would mainly hurt Air France subsidiary KLM, the former Dutch flag carrier and the only Dutch airline that flies over Russia. The dispute centers on a reduction from 23 to 13 in the number of slots available to Russian freight carrier AirBridgeCargo at Europe s third-busiest airport following Schiphol s half-yearly reallocation.on Oct. 28. The Dutch transport ministry is  in talks with several parties over the availability of slots for freight traffic at Schiphol,  said spokesman Roel Vincken, who declined to comment further for fear of negatively impacting the talks. A spokesman for the Russian transport ministry said KLM and AirBridgeCargo were in talks about KLM giving up some of its slots as part of a possible compromise. Russian-Dutch relations have been tense since the 2014 downing of Malaysia passenger flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine, which killed 298 people, most of them Dutch.   AirBridgeCargo s Dutch chief Henk-Jan van Keulen said in a telephone interview that his company had been forced to reroute almost half of its traffic through Liege, Belgium, using trucks, because of the reallocation of slots at Schiphol. Van Keulen said financial damages were difficult to estimate, as they are lessened by lower fees at Liege and are being partly borne by the various freight-forwarding companies it works with. Spokesman Joost van Doesburg said the Dutch Airline Pilots Association had received a request from KLM to add an extra pilot to all flights traveling to Asia, as they will have to re-route beginning on Saturday.  If Russia follows through on the ban, hours of travel time will be added to Asian flights.   It s only a threat but you have to prepare,  Van Doesburg said.  Russia does this sometimes when it feels countries aren t giving appropriate attention to a complaint.      De Telegraaf newspaper reported that around 15 percent of KLM s flights would be affected. A KLM spokeswoman said the airline would respond later. Airport Coordination Netherlands, the organization which allocates slots at Schiphol, said AirBridgeCargo s slots had been cut for failure to fully utilize its existing slots, according to European rules, and it did not have the power to grant any additional slots because of a cap imposed at the airport. ",worldnews,"October 31, 2017 ",1
Family of Australian woman fatally shot wants Minnesota cop charged,"(Reuters) - The family of an Australian woman who was fatally shot wants the Minneapolis policeman involved charged, their attorney said on Tuesday, the same day investigators sent the evidence collected to the local prosecutor. State investigators did not release their findings in the July 15 shooting of Sydney native Justine Damond, 40, who died from a single gunshot fired by Officer Mohamed Noor. The policeman was in a patrol car with Officer Matthew Harrity.  Damond had called police about a possible sexual assault near her house and had approached the police after their arrival, authorities previously said. Damond was living in Minneapolis and engaged to be married. The shooting sparked outrage in Minnesota as well as in Australia, where Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called the incident  shocking  and  inexplicable.  Minneapolis  police chief resigned after city officials said procedures had been violated during the incident and Damond  didn t have to die.  The attorney for Damond s family, Bob Bennett, said her family believes the officer should be held accountable.   They certainly believe charges are merited,  he said in a telephone interview. The most likely charges may be second-degree manslaughter, which carries a sentence of up to 10 years, Bennett said.     Attorneys for the officers could not be reached. Noor previously expressed condolences to the Damond family in a statement, but declined to discuss the shooting. Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman will review the case file to determine what, if any, charges might be brought after the findings were submitted Tuesday, according to a statement. A decision is expected by the end of the year, his office said. Harrity told investigators he was startled by a loud sound near the patrol car shortly before Noor fired through the open driver s-side window, striking Damond. Court documents said a woman slapped the back of the car before the shooting. Noor was put on paid leave after the shooting. Neither officer had their body cameras activated, police have said. Damond s family has not yet filed a civil lawsuit, Bennett said. He is the same lawyer who reached a nearly $3 million settlement for the family of black motorist Philando Castile who was shot and killed by Minnesota police in July 2016 during a traffic stop. Because of past criticism over a lack of transparency when grand juries consider possible charges in police shootings, Freeman plans to decide on charges himself, his spokesman said. Freeman s office said in a statement it might ask for additional investigation into the matter. ",worldnews,"September 12, 2017 ",1
South Korea's Moon says there will be no war on Korean peninsula,"VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday there will not be war on the Korea peninsula, even though tensions have risen considerably since North Korea s latest nuclear test less than a week ago. ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
3 CONSERVATIVE CELEBRITIES Visited Trump Last Night And Hilariously Trolled A White House Picture Of Hillary,"Ted Nugent is all smiles, as he s pictured with President Donald Trump in the Oval Office:Rocker Ted Nugget s wife Shemane Nugent posted this video to Facebook of her husband excitedly telling fans about his visit to the White House as they flew to Washington DC:Shemane Nugent tells her Facebook followers what it was like to have dinner with President Trump:The best photo of the night was taken when Sarah Palin, Ted Nugent and Kid Rock hilariously trolled the White House photo of Hillary Clinton. Sarah Palin posted this picture of Kid Rock, his new fianc  Audrey Berry, Ted Nugent and his wife Shemane Nugent along with Sarah Palin and her daughter Bristol Meyer with the caption:  So Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin walk into a bar With sons who hunt, the President is very aware of the misguided, anti-science and anti-hunting laws and regulations perpetrated by power abusing bureaucrats infesting our states and nation. I would say that the prognosis for hunter s rights has never been better for the future of hunting, fishing and trapping in America, I assure you.President Trump told me to not only give you his very best and a big presidential thank you for the phenomenal wildlife conservation force we have succeeded at, but also gave me his word that he is aware of the ongoing mistakes in wildlife mismanagement and his commitment to right the flurry of wrongs that get in the way of meaningful  wise-use  of our precious renewable wildlife resources.We didn t actually confirm that I will be organizing annual deerhunts at Camp David, but he is acutely aware of  wise-use  management versus  politically correct misuses  and vows to work diligently to make it right.We discussed various quality of life issues and how entrenched status quo political correctness has wrecked everything it has touched and how his administration is focused and dedicated to get back to the US Constitutional basics of government of, by and for the people.President Trump summed it up when he humbly and proudly stated that he works for  we the people  and he will not let us down.Sarah Palin speaks with President Trump in the Oval Office:Sarah Palin pictured speaking with Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner:Kid Rock has made several trips overseas to visit and perform for our troops. He s been a huge supporter of veterans and has even purchased homes here in our home state of Michigan for wounded warriors.Here s a video we took of Ted Nugent performing at Trump s final rally in Michigan the night before the election: ",politics,"Apr 20, 2017",0
HILLARY’S BIGGEST GUN CONTROL FAN LET’S LOOSE AT RALLY [Video],"Are there any real men left in the Democrat party? This Hillary supporter cheering for gun control would be the first guy hiding under the skirt of a woman packing heat if a crisis went down and he was in harms way. Criminals love gun control maybe that s why Hillary s out pushing it  This Hillary supporter has a hunger that only gun control can satisfy. https://t.co/rILuCoLpwH  Free Beacon (@FreeBeacon) October 2, 2015",politics,"Oct 2, 2015",0
WOW! HILLARY Took State Department Furniture To Furnish Residence,"Most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.In one of the documents, an unnamed State Department official tells the FBI that  early in Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department, which were transported to her residence in Washington, D.C. The staffer did not know  whether these items were ever returned to the government upon Clinton s departure from the State Department. The Clintons were accused of taking more than $200,000 worth of furnishings and other items from the Executive Mansion after they left the White House in 2001, PolitiFact reported. They eventually returned several items due to political pressure.",Government News,"Oct 18, 2016",0
U.S. Supreme Court rejects New Zealand-based internet mogul's appeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected New Zealand-based internet mogul Kim Dotcom s challenge to the U.S. government s bid to seize assets held by him and others involved in the now-defunct streaming website Megaupload. The justices left in place a lower court ruling that the U.S. government could seize up to $40 million in assets held outside the United States as part of a civil forfeiture action being pursued in parallel with criminal charges for alleged copyright violations and money laundering. Dotcom and several other defendants have contested U.S. attempts to extradite them from New Zealand. German-born entrepreneur Dotcom is wanted by U.S. law enforcement authorities on copyright and money-laundering allegations related to Megaupload, which was shut down in 2012 following an FBI-ordered raid on his Auckland mansion. He was indicted the same year along with fellow Megaupload executives.  It s no surprise because the chance to be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court is very slim in general,  Dotcom said in an email to Reuters.  The seizure is also being challenged in courts in Hong Kong and New Zealand, whose authorities have restrained Dotcom s assets at the U.S. government s request. Dotcom s lawyer Ira Rothken said that his team was  cautiously optimistic  about those court proceedings.   Kim Dotcom has never been to the United States, is presumed innocent, and is lawfully opposing extradition...yet the DOJ  (Department of Justice) by merely labeling him as a fugitive gets a judgment to take all of his assets with no due process,  Rothken said in an email. U.S. authorities say Dotcom and his colleagues cost film studios and record companies more than $500 million and generated more than $175 million in profits by encouraging paying users to store and share copyrighted material including movies and TV shows. The U.S. government sought up to $175 million in assets but the defendants say the assets in question are worth only around $40 million. The assets include two houses, luxury cars and bank accounts. A New Zealand court ruled in February that Dotcom and three other New Zealand-based defendants - Finn Batato, Mathias Ortmann and Bram van der Kolk - could be extradited to the United States to face the charges. Two other indicted Megaupload associates, Sven Echternach and Julius Bencko, who live in Germany and Slovakia respectively, have not been arrested, according to court filings. The defendants contested the U.S. government s forfeiture claims, saying in part that it could not seize property under the jurisdiction of a foreign court. The U.S. government s legal argument, adopted by the appeals court, is that the defendants are fugitives seeking to avoid criminal prosecution in the United States and therefore are not allowed to contest the forfeiture. The Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Dotcom in August 2016, and he asked the Supreme Court to hear his appeal. ",worldnews,"October 2, 2017 ",1
Exclusive: Trump boosts disaster aid for Puerto Rico rebuild,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday agreed to expand the use of disaster aid to help rebuild Puerto Rico s power grid and other infrastructure wrecked by Hurricane Maria, the White House said. In a unique agreement recognizing both the massive devastation on the island and its dire financial problems, aid from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for infrastructure projects will be released in a faster, more flexible way than is typical after disasters, a senior White House official told Reuters. The plan, agreed to with Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello, will also provide for third-party advisers to estimate how much money is requires for big-ticket projects, and how it is spent - a provision aimed at protecting taxpayer dollars in what is expected to be a massive, long-term effort to rebuild the island.  We re doing it in a way that grants flexibility, but also imposes a mutually agreed upon set of controls,  the official said in an interview. The new agreement will see FEMA cover 90 percent of the costs for rebuilding public infrastructure, up from the typical level of 75 percent. Puerto Rico - home to 3.4 million Americans - is in bankruptcy, struggling with $72 billion in debt. Its finances were put under federal control last year. Six weeks after Hurricane Maria hit, only about 30 percent of Puerto Rico s power grid has been restored. Private sector estimates of total damage from Maria have ranged as high as $95 billion. The White House is expected to deliver a new request for disaster aid to the U.S. Congress in mid-November to help defray costs from Maria and two other major hurricanes - Harvey and Irma - as well as damage caused by wildfires in the western United States. It is not yet clear how big the federal tab for Puerto Rico will be.  Obviously it s going to be a big dollar figure,  the official said.  I know there won t be any balking at the amount of money needed from the administration.  Even with FEMA covering 90 percent of the costs, it could be difficult for the territorial government to put up its 10 percent. On top of its fiscal constraints, the storm has ground its economy - and tax revenues - to a halt. The federal government provided a $150 million loan in an aid package approved by Congress last month that can be used to help cover its share, the official said.          We didn t want to create the precedent of giving 100 percent in the grant program and then disincentivizing good stewardship,  the official said. The federal government will also use relatively new procedures created in 2013 after Hurricane Sandy known as  Section 428  in the Stafford Act, the law that provides for federal disaster aid.  It s not been used on this scale before,  the official said. The procedures will allow Puerto Rico to estimate the costs of big projects up front - with help from third-party advisers - and draw down from approved grants, eliminating the slow and cumbersome process of being reimbursed for upfront spending on each segment. The agreement will also allow Puerto Rico to access hazard mitigation grants - normally tapped only outside of disasters - while rebuilding the creaky power grid and other infrastructure so that the structures are more resilient to future hurricanes.  We re going to build them back smarter,  the official said. ",worldnews,"November 2, 2017 ",1
Seoul considers unilateral sanctions against North Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is considering levying its own sanctions on North Korea as the isolated state ramps up tension with its missile and nuclear provocations, the South s vice foreign minister said on Wednesday, but no decision had been made yet.  Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam made the remarks at a news conference in Seoul with Deputy U.S. Secretary of State John J. Sullivan and Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama.  ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
"LONDON’S MAYOR HAS HARSH WORDS For Our Community Organizer In Chief: “Butt Out, Mr. Obama”","Our country is spinning out of control. Obama s orchestrated efforts with race baiters like Al Sharpton and leaders of Black Lives Matter terrorists have created a divide between races like my generation has never known. Obama skips Supreme Court Justice Anton Scalia s funeral and the funeral  of iconic First Lady, Nancy Reagan, but finds time to take a few pot shots at GOP presidential front-runner, Donald Trump while attending a hipster festival with Michelle. Barack s proven over and over he doesn t have the time or desire to behave like a leader, and now, he s going to tell the Europeans what they need to do as it relates to the EU? When I heard from the Baron today that our current president is planning to go to Britain to make a case to the public for staying in the European Union, I was momentarily stunned. What happened to  leading from behind  and letting other countries handle their own affairs?By now we re all jaded by this president. He does nothing for free, nothing in which there is not some eventual pay-off to him. So sticking his nose into Britain s affairs should come as no surprise, given his track record of the last interminable years of his time in office.Or maybe he doesn t know how deeply disliked he is by anyone who didn t sign onto his pathetic  Peace Prize  back in the beginning of his reign? Maybe he believes what the sycophantic press tells him? Or  or  wait! Is he using a kind of reverse psychology on the British   i.e., knowing how much he is held in contempt, anything he suggests, they would oppose? Nah he s far too removed from reality to grasp that concept.So here we have London Mayor Boris Johnson s take on the subject. He s far more interesting to follow on this than any national government figures would be. Via: Gates Of ViennaThese excerpts are from The Telegraph. The only thing Mr J got wrong is the extent to which Obama has undermined America s sovereignty, particularly at our southern border and on the subject of changing our culture and monolingual character. One could say that Mr. Obama s decision to drop in and lecture the Brits on this particular subject is not contradictory at all; it is congruent with his own behavior and sentiments regarding America s sovereignty.Obviously, Mr. Johnson hasn t been paying attention to the American presidential campaign. But they why would he? Had he done so, though, he d have seen an unprecedented populist following for Donald Trump, based on that theme: sovereignty.We want ours back in one piece.I love America. I believe in the American dream. Indeed, I hold that the story of the past 100 years has been very largely about how America rose to global greatness   and how America has helped to preserve and expand democracy around the world. In two global conflicts, and throughout the Cold War, the United States has fought for the founding ideals of the republic: that government of the people, by the people, for the people should not perish from the earth.So it is on the face of it a bit peculiar that U.S. government officials should believe that Britain must remain within the EU   a system in which democracy is increasingly undermined.Some time in the next couple of months we are told that President Obama himself is going to arrive in this country, like some deus ex machina, to pronounce on the matter. Air Force One will touch down; a lectern with the presidential seal will be erected. The British people will be told to be good to themselves, to do the right thing. We will be informed by our most important ally that it is in our interests to stay in the EU, no matter how flawed we may feel that organisation to be. Never mind the loss of sovereignty; never mind the expense and the bureaucracy and the uncontrolled immigration.The American view is very clear. Whether in code or en clair, the President will tell us all that UK membership of the EU is right for Britain, right for Europe, and right for America. And why? Because that   or so we will be told   is the only way we can have  influence  in the counsels of the nations.It is an important argument, and deserves to be taken seriously. I also think it is wholly fallacious   and coming from Uncle Sam, it is a piece of outrageous and exorbitant hypocrisy.There is no country in the world that defends its own sovereignty with such hysterical vigilance as the United States of America. This is a nation born from its glorious refusal to accept overseas control. Almost two and a half centuries ago the American colonists rose up and violently asserted the principle that they   and they alone   should determine the government of America, and not George III or his ministers. To this day the Americans refuse to kneel to almost any kind of international jurisdiction. Alone of Western nations, the US declines to accept that its citizens can be subject to the rulings of the International Criminal Court in The Hague. They have not even signed up to the Convention on the Law of the Sea. Can you imagine the Americans submitting their democracy to the kind of regime that we have in the EU?So why is it essential for Britain to comply with a system that the Americans would themselves reject out of hand? Is it not a blatant case of  Do as I say, but not as I do ?For entire letter, go to: The Telegraph ",politics,"Mar 14, 2016",0
"FORMER DEMOCRAT WHO VOTED FOR TRUMP RIPS DEMOCRATS: ‘They’ve done nothing for us, nothing but promise.’ [Video]","After a Fox Business interview earlier in the day (see below), Gino DeFabio was asked to speak at the Ohio Rally by President Trump. Speaking from the heart, Gino explained how he knew he had to support Trump in 2016:Gino s interview on Fox Business caught the eye of President Trump:DiFabio was interviewed by Fox s David Asman who immediately pointed out DeFabio s t-shirt: By the way, your t-shirt  we can just see the first part. It says  Trump won.  What s the second part? DeFabio proudly said,  Deal with it Asman asked what made a lifelong Democrat switch parties to support Trump:  My whole life I was raised Democrat. You re in the steel valley here. We re proud of our work ethic. We re proud of our families and that s how we are here. For about the last thirty five years I ve been hearing  oh yeah, we re going to fight for you. We re going to take care of you. I m going to go to Washington and do this and do that.  They ve done nothing for us, nothing but promise. DeFabio was asked about overregulation: The regulations they put on us are incredible,  he said.  They re killing jobs. They re trying to kill the coal industry. If he gets rid of the regulations, frees up some of the trade deals that are ridiculous where we just give everything away, we re all going to be better off. How could you be against that message? President Trump had to love the answer to the question Asman asked about the Russia: There s no Russians behind the trees. There s no Russians under Jared Kushner s bed. They are trying to find an excuse why they lost the election and now they are trying to come up with a new message. Every time they beat the guy down, he gets stronger.   Believe me, we re not buying the fake news and the fake media, and we re not buying the Russians, so just stop it. AWESOME!",politics,"Jul 26, 2017",0
"Britain, Germany committed to Iran nuclear deal: May's office","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and Germany agreed on Sunday they remained committed to the nuclear deal with Iran after a U.S. decision to decertify the agreement, a spokeswoman said after a call between Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.  They agreed the UK and Germany both remained firmly committed to the deal,  the spokeswoman said in a statement.  They also agreed the international community needed to continue to come together to push back against Iran s destabilizing regional activity, and to explore ways of addressing concerns about Iran s ballistic missile program.   ",worldnews,"October 15, 2017 ",1
James Clapper Himself Debunks “Russia Hacked US Election” Meme,"21st Century Wire says We ve seen it over and over again in the mainstream media,  Russia Hacked the US Election.  It has been a pervasive meme in the media ever since Donald J. Trump won the US Presidential election and it inspires consumers of mainstream media to believe that Russia actually used cyber intelligence agents to hack into the computers that are used to track the voting. Surveys show that many Americans believe that there was a literal computer hack of the election to change the results.Americans who believe this are duped by a false meme that has been bludgeoned into their psyches by their mainstream media outlets. James Clapper, head of all US intelligence, admitted while speaking at the Congressional Armed Services Committee that Russia had no hand in changing the vote tallies and did  nothing of that sort. Washingtons Blog reports Due to incredibly sloppy reporting by the mainstream media   constantly repeating the phrase  Russia hacked the election    many Americans believed that Russia literally changed votes on election day.A YouGov poll from last month found that half of all Democrats believe that Russia directly tampered with vote tallies:But today, the head of all U.S. intelligence   James Clapper   told Congress (specifically the Armed Services Committee): They did not change any vote tallies or anything of that sort. So will the media apologize Continue this report at the WashingtonBlogREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russian Hack Files ",Middle-east,"January 8, 2017",0
"WATCH: ROBIN WILLIAMS Calls Out Hypocrisy Of Audience During His Politically Incorrect Comedy Act About Muslims, Jihad and The Quran","Robin Williams was a one-of-a-kind comedian. His brand of humor can never be replicated. Fortunately, there are video clips of his performances that can still be found on the internet.The video clip below shows Robin Williams poking fun at Muslims, jihad, 72 virgins, the Quran, and taxi drivers. The best part of the video is near the end, where Robin Williams actually calls out the audience for the reaction to his jokes, revealing their hypocrisy for bristling at his  taxi  joke because it was politically incorrect, while believing it was okay to laugh about beating the sh*t out of a Muslim terrorist.Only Robin Williams could have gotten away with calling his audience out not their ridiculous hypocrisy in the name of political correctness.Watch: Robin Williams on Jihad  You are welcome  #LaughOutLoud #SaturdayChillOutZone pic.twitter.com/WuZJIBGBB7   E   I    (@based4good) August 19, 2017",politics,"Aug 20, 2017",0
YOU’LL LOVE THIS POWERFUL RANT For Trump From Former Bernie Campaign Manager [Video],"Former Bernie campaign director endorses Trump, slams Hillary s elitism.Powerful rant. pic.twitter.com/KzVMkmy9mz  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 16, 2016",politics,"Oct 16, 2016",0
"U.S. bans travel to North Korea from September 1, says Americans should leave","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A ban on travel by U.S. passport holders to North Korea will take effect on Sept. 1 and Americans in the country should leave  before that date, the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday. Journalists and humanitarian workers may apply for exceptions to the ban, the department said in a public notice. The U.S. government last month said it would bar Americans from traveling to North Korea due to the risk of “long-term detention” there. The ban comes at a time of heightened tensions between the United States and North Korea, which has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States. North Korea will become the only country to which Americans are banned from traveling. American student Otto Warmbier, sentenced last year to 15 years’ hard labor in North Korea, returned to the United States in a coma on June 13 after being released on humanitarian grounds, and died June 19. The circumstances surrounding his death are not clear, including why he fell into a coma. North Korea has said through its state media that Warmbier’s death was “a mystery” and dismissed accusations that he had died as a result of torture and beating in captivity. The State Department issued a notice in the Federal Register on Wednesday declaring U.S. passports invalid for travel to, in or through North Korea. The restriction takes effect in 30 days, and applies for one year unless extended or revoked by the secretary of state. “Persons currently in North Korea on a U.S. passport should depart North Korea before the travel restriction enters into effect on Friday, September 1, 2017,” the department said in a statement.   Professional reporters or journalists, representatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross or the American Red Cross traveling on official missions, those traveling to North Korea for “compelling humanitarian considerations” and those whose requests are “in the national interest” may ask for a special validation of their passports in order to travel to the country, the State Department said.  North Korea is currently holding two Korean-American academics and a missionary, a Canadian pastor and three South Korean nationals who were doing missionary work. Japan says North Korea has also detained at least several dozen of its nationals. ",politicsNews,"August 2, 2017 ",1
“NUTTY” NANCY PELOSI Refers To President Trump As “President Bush” For The Second Time Since Inauguration [VIDEO],"For the second time in a matter of weeks, progressive leftist Democrat Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi displayed what many believe can only be accredited to having a severe case of  Trump Derangement Syndrome.  While speaking to ABC s Jonathan Karl, Nancy confused the presidency of Donald Trump with George W. Bush for the second time since President Trump s inauguration.In an interview on Sunday with Jonathon Karl on ABC s This Week, Pelosi confused President Trump with President Bush, who she hated with vitriol for eight years. But as you can see in the short clip below, Pelosi immediately catches herself and then apologizes to former President Bush for the confusion, claiming to long for the days that he was president over the now dreaded Donald Trump.Even Jonathan Karl was stunned that Pelosi would remember George W. Bush with fondness considering the vitriol she threw his way for eight years. One has to wonder if Pelosi, who continues to be confused about who the current president is, is fit for office.  PolitistickHere s what Nancy had to say about President George W. Bush at the end of his term:Watch:",left-news,"Apr 30, 2017",0
British police say lifting road closures near Buckingham Palace,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police started to reopen roads around Buckingham Palace in London late on Thursday after investigating a suspicious vehicle.  All road closures are now in the process of being removed,  London s transport authority said.  There s significant congestion in the area but this should now improve.  A police spokesman said road closures were being lifted. Queen Elizabeth is not at Buckingham Palace as she travelled to her Sandringham estate in eastern England earlier on Thursday for the Christmas holiday. ",worldnews,"December 21, 2017 ",1
JUST IN: RAND PAUL ASSAULTED By Democrat Doctor…Here’s What We Know About The Attacker,"Another unhinged Democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn Kentucky State Police have arrested a person accused of assaulting Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) at his home in Kentucky, the senator s office confirmed on Saturday. Senator Paul was blindsided and the victim of an assault,  Kelsey Cooper, a spokeswoman for Paul, said in a statement.  The assailant was arrested and it is now a matter for the police. Senator Paul is fine. The suspect was identified as 59-year-old Rene Boucher of Bowling Green, Kent., according to a statement from Kentucky State Police reported by the Bowling Green Daily News.  True PunditBoucher is an anesthesiologist and pain specialist. He got his medical degree from Des Moines University College of Osteopathic Medicine after being pre-med at Providence College in Rhode Island, according to Doximity. Boucher has practiced medicine in since 1982 and attended high school in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Between 1985 and 1993, Boucher was pain management specialist at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco where he also did his residency.In 2005, Boucher appeared on QVC marketing a rice-filled vest that was designed to alleviate back pain, reported the Bowling Green Daily News. The vest retailed at $30 and had to be microwaved before use. The website for Therm-a-Vest is no longer active. WAVE reports that Boucher retired in 2015.In May 2017, Boucher shared a story on Facebook about Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte assaulting The Guardian s Ben Jacobs in Bozeman, Montana. The assault was described as a  body slam  at the time. Boucher writes in his Facebook bio that he is in a relationship. The Bowling Green Daily News article about Boucher s pain relieving vest saw him city his wife, Lisa, as a reason for its success.Boucher is a registered Democrat. Since Trump s ascendency to the president, Boucher has been severely critical the GOP on Facebook. Boucher is shown to be an advocate for gun control and healthcare reform. There does not seem to be any posts that target Senator Paul.   Heavy ",left-news,"Nov 4, 2017",0
 Bernie Sanders Just Received Some Excellent News About His Campaign,"Bernie Sanders and his supporters just received some excellent news concerning the mix up that might have prevented his name from being on the ballot in Washington, D.C.Anita Bonds, chairwoman of the Washington, D.C. Democratic Party told CNN that  Bernie will be on the ballot. Sanders  supporters were dismayed to hear that the Democratic presidential candidate might not be on the ballot. On Wednesday, NBC4 Washington reported that D.C. Democrats had failed to send Sanders  campaign information to the D.C. Board of Elections until one day after the registration was due.Headlines proclaiming that Sanders may not be on the ballot in the upcoming D.C. primary election may have given some of Sanders  supporters heart attacks. However, Sanders campaign did not seem to be concerned about the possibility of his name not being on the ballot come June 14, the day of D.C s primary election. We did what the D.C. law requires in order to get Bernie on the ballot and we are confident he will be on the ballot,  a spokesman with the Sanders campaign said.Sanders campaign had already paid $2500 in registration fees and gave his registration filings to the D.C. Democratic Party earlier this month.It turns out that the Board of Elections closes before the deadline. So it is common to turn in the registration filings the day after the deadline. This has been kind of a tradition in the District of Columbia, that the party would notify the board the following day,  Bonds told CNN.What s unusual about the potentially campaign dooming mix-up, is that Sanders was actually challenged on the matter. The challenge to Sanders  campaign came from a voter who lives in D.C. Neither Hillary Clinton nor Rocky De La Fuente, who had also paid their registration fees on time, were challenged.Bonds is working to rectify the current situation. In addition to her position as the chairperson of the D.C Democratic Party, she also serves on the city council. She plans to change the city s rules to include a 24-hour grace period after the registration deadline. That means Sanders is safe.While I am glad that everything has turned out okay, this time, I have to say that it might be time for D.C. Democratic Party to find a new  tradition  concerning turning in campaign registration filings.Featured image: (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)",News,"March 31, 2016",0
"Leading Republicans, Democrats reject Trump's Obama wiretap assertion","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee issued a bipartisan statement on Thursday rejecting President Donald Trump’s assertion that the Obama administration tapped his phones during the 2016 presidential campaign. The top Republican in Congress, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, added his voice to a growing chorus of lawmakers saying there was no sign of a wiretap. In a testy briefing with reporters, White House spokesman Sean Spicer forcefully defended the president, citing news reports of intelligence collection on possible contacts between Trump associates and Russia in the presidential campaign. “There is no question that there were surveillance techniques used throughout this,” Spicer said. The Republican president, without providing evidence, has accused his predecessor, Democrat Barack Obama, of wiretapping him near the end of the campaign. An Obama spokesman said that was “simply false.”  “Based on the information available to us, we see no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016,” Richard Burr, the Republican chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and Senator Mark Warner, the committee’s Democratic vice chairman, said in a statement. Ryan also said there was no evidence of surveillance. “The point is, the intelligence committees in their continuing, widening, ongoing investigation of all things Russia, got to the bottom - at least so far - with respect to our intelligence community that - that no such wiretap existed,” the House speaker told reporters. Pressed at the White House briefing on whether Trump would back down from his wiretap accusations, Spicer said: “He stands by it.” Spicer also chastised the media for focusing so much attention on comments disparaging Trump’s claim about surveillance. He said reporters had not focused enough on comments from officials denying evidence of any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. The Russian government has rejected an accusation by U.S. intelligence agencies that it worked to influence the election in Trump’s favor by hacking computer systems, among other methods. Trump has been dogged by allegations that his associates had ties to Russian officials. Trump fired his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, last month after he failed to disclose contacts with Russia’s ambassador before Trump took office on Jan. 20. An official familiar with the investigations by Congress and intelligence and law enforcement agencies said investigators had looked as aggressively and thoroughly as they could for evidence of any spying on Trump or his associates but had found none. On March 4, six weeks after he took over from Obama, Trump made the wiretap accusations in a Twitter post. “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!,” Trump wrote. At least four congressional committees included the startling accusation in their investigations of possible Russian meddling in the election campaign and Russian ties to Trump and his associates. On Wednesday, House of Representatives Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, a Republican, and top Democrat Adam Schiff told reporters they had seen no evidence that Trump Tower was tapped and said they would ask Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey about the issue during a public hearing on Monday. On March 9, Comey briefed Nunes, Schiff, Ryan, Burr, Warner  and three other top congressional officials on the same intelligence.  Trump appeared to back away from his accusation of wiretapping in a Fox News interview on Wednesday night. “But wiretap covers a lot of different things. I think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks,” Trump said. ",politicsNews,"March 16, 2017 ",1
OBAMACARE AND THE FORGOTTEN FAMILY: A Tale Of How The Middle Class Was Royally Scr*wed By Washington [Video],"In light of Republican failure to pass the American Health Care Act, Charles Krauthammer dismissed the idea that Chuck Schumer would try to work with Republicans at all, since the Democrats are moving toward a single-payer system as the country increasingly expects coverage to be an entitlement:Read more: CNN",Government News,"Mar 25, 2017",0
" KKK Members Showed Up At Nevada Caucus With Pro-Donald Trump Signs (PHOTOS, TWEETS)","Donald Trump s surging presidential campaign attracted some more unwanted attention at a caucus site in Nevada on Tuesday night when some people dressed in Ku Klux Klan robes showed up. The people held up signs saying  New England Benevolent Association Support Trump! We Support Them!  and  Trump 2016 Make America Great Again! Pictures of one couple were released on Twitter by Krystal Heath, a conservative radio host and manager of a radio station in Nevada.#Trump supporters dressed as KKK outside #NVCaucus location. pic.twitter.com/iPfPcEghqW  Krystal Heath (@TheFriddle) February 24, 2016Heath said the photo was taken at Cimarron-Memorial High School, a school in Las Vegas. She noted that  Volunteers asked caucus goers to ignore them. The host said the couple claimed to be Trump supporters, but she suspected they were counter-Trump protesters:  Uhm, guys? Do I think they re ACTUAL #Trump supporters? Probably not. Did they say they were? Yes. Was picture taken at #NVCaucus? Yes. When some of her followers noted that the sign held by one of the people said  New England,  Heath indicated that the  woman in photo is wearing a Clark County GOP voting sticker. This was #NVCaucus. It is unclear whether the people in the Klan photos are actual Klan members or protesters attempting to make a point of Trump courting racist voters.Nevada State Senator Aaron D. Ford also posted photos of the people dressed in Klan robes, writing,  friends of mine observed this at a Republican caucus location this evening. I ll admit, I m boiling right now. So, friends of mine observed this at a republican caucus location this evening. I'll admit, I'm boiling right now. ? pic.twitter.com/baDftDUyxm  Sen. Aaron D. Ford (@AaronDFordNV) February 24, 2016A reporter for a Nevada TV station also posted photos, noting,  Many people reported people dressed as KKK outside Cimarron HS Caucus site.  They held up a sign saying,  President Trump Put Up That Wall. Many people reported people dressed as KKK outside Cimarron HS Caucus site. Photo cred: @Savon_Scarver @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/es2mEFRzNU  Christine Maddela (@christnemaddela) February 24, 2016The report on the photo came as a chorus of complaints about the organization behind the caucus started rising on social media. Caucus locations unprepared for the surge of voters, combined with polling booths manned by Trump supporters wearing campaign gear, had some questioning the integrity of the caucus.Even if the photo was from someone opposed by Trump, it speaks volumes that there is even a question about it.Trump of course launched his campaign with an anti-Latino message, and has proceeded to attack Muslims, black protesters, women, and even the Catholic pope.Racists have embraced his campaign. Former KKK leader David Duke endorsed Trump, while a white nationalist super PAC made robocalls backing his campaign.Trump himself has made a habit of reposting supportive tweets from bigots and other white supremacists, though he recently told CNN he didn t know anything about that.Featured image via Twitter",News,"February 23, 2016",0
Putin to meet South Korean President to discuss North Korea on Sept. 6: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in on Wednesday to discuss the crisis around North Korea, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday.  The two leaders will meet on the sidelines of an economic forum in the Russian far eastern city of Vladivostok as international concerns grow over Pyongyang s recent nuclear tests that shook the Korean Peninsula.  ",worldnews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
 Trump Brags About Gas Prices And Gets HUMILIATED With Facts,"Gas prices are expected to rise sharply this year, but Donald Trump thinks a ten-year low for a single day is something he should get credit for.On July 4th, gas prices dropped to an average $2.23 a gallon. It s the lowest it has been on Independence Day in ten years.So, of course, Trump bragged about it.Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2017Keep in mind, we are only halfway through 2017, and one day does not equal one year.Also, presidents do NOT control gas prices, something conservatives are always hypocritically pointing out when gas prices come down during a Democratic presidency or when gas prices are high during a Republican presidency. But when gas prices are low during a Republican presidency, conservatives throw that knowledge out the window and claim that the president did it.Such is the case now.But Trump had nothing to do with current gas prices. You see, the market has been flooded with oversupply from OPEC, which has driven the price of gasoline down over the last couple years.In 2015, the national average price of gas dropped from $3.37 in 2014 to $2.35.And last year s Independence Day saw a gas price of $2.26 per gallon. That s a mere three cent difference from the low that Trump bragged about yesterday.You didn t hear conservatives giving President Obama credit for that. Nor did they give Obama credit for the even lower national average of $2.20 per gallon in November 2016.But, again, oversupply is the reason why we have cheaper gas right now. Once that supply is burned off, the price of gas will go back up and there s nothing Trump can do about it. One thing he will do, however, is blame anyone and anything else for the rise. He certainly won t be taking credit or bragging.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",News,"July 5, 2017",0
WHOA! FRANCE’S CONSERVATIVE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Refuses To Cover Her Head With Muslim Veil…Walks Out Of Meeting! [Video],"YES!  This is how you deal w/ radicalism. Marine Le Pen REFUSES to cover her head and WALKS OUT instead! #VivaLePenpic.twitter.com/0vo4WAs4yy  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) February 21, 2017After meeting Christian President Michel Aoun   her first public handshake with a head of state   and Sunni Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri on Monday, she had been scheduled to meet the Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Latif DerianHe heads the Dar al-Fatwa, the top religious authority for Sunni Muslims in the multireligious country. I met the grand mufti of Al-Azhar,  she told reporters, referring to a visit in 2015 to Cairo s 1,000-year-old center of Islamic learning.  The highest Sunni authority didn t have this requirement, but it doesn t matter. You can pass on my respects to the grand mufti, but I will not cover myself up,  she said.Read more: Reuters",politics,"Feb 21, 2017",0
THE TRUTH ABOUT WHY HILLARY Is The Only Candidate Who Travels With A Full-Time Physician,"This news should be enough to end Hillary s obsession with becoming our next President. The Democrats may be willing to ignore all of her criminal and immoral activities, but are they willing to accept Hillary and Bill turning our White House into an assisted living facility? Is Hillary Clinton fit to be president?Putting aside her various scandals and shoddy record as secretary of state, what about her health? Is she physically up to the job?In my new book,  Unlikeable: The Problem With Hillary,  I devote five pages to Hillary s health. As far as I can tell, however, I am the only journalist who is interested in this important subject.Given the immense stress and strain of being president, Hillary s health is an issue that demands a thorough exploration.Last July, Hillary s longtime personal physician, Dr. Lisa Bardack, released a short, two-page letter that appeared to give Hillary a clean bill of health. She does not smoke and drinks alcohol occasionally,  Bardack wrote.  She does not use illicit drugs or tobacco products. She eats a diet rich in lean protein, vegetables and fruits. She exercises regularly, including yoga, swimming, walking and weight training. According to Dr. Bardack, Hillary had completely recovered from the fainting spell, concussion and blood clot in her brain that she suffered while she was secretary of state.But Dr. Bardack s letter was hardly a detailed medical history. According to sources close to Bill and Hillary Clinton, the letter wasn t the full story then   and it s not the full story now.To this day, Hillary still suffers from many of the troubling symptoms that I wrote about in Unlikeable: blinding headaches, exhaustion, insomnia, and a tremor in her hands. As a precaution against the spectacle of fainting in public, which could easily doom her candidacy, Hillary now travels with a personal physician on all her major campaign trips.There have been several incidents in which she has nearly collapsed. For example, after her 11-hour testimony before the Trey Gowdy Benghazi committee, Hillary swooned as she walked to a waiting car. She had to be supported in the arms of her aides and helped into the back seat.Tension headaches continue to plague her and often make it hard for her to maintain her grueling schedule. Huma Abedin, deputy chief of staff and her closest adviser, frequently orders campaign aides to alter Hillary s schedule at the last moment so the candidate can catch her breath and take out time for naps. This may explain why Hillary is often as much as two hours late for a campaign appearance. She no longer has the stamina for 18-hour campaign days that she was once capable of doing,  said a source close to Hillary.Via: NewsMax We all know that getting Hillary to release her full medical records to the public is about as likely as Hillary telling the truth about what happened in Benghazi ",left-news,"Apr 27, 2016",0
"How Trump's abrupt immigration ban sowed confusion at airports, agencies","NEW YORK (Reuters) - After immigration agents detained two Iraqis on Saturday at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport, their lawyers and two U.S. lawmakers accompanying them tried to cross into a secure area to consult with the men.  Border protection agents held them back, sparking a heated exchange. “Step back! Step back!” the agents shouted. A few minutes later, Heidi Nassauer, chief of passenger operations for U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) at the airport, was called over.  U.S. Congress members Jerrold Nadler and Nydia Velazquez, both  Democrats from New York, wanted clarification on whether an immigration ban issued on Friday by President Donald Trump prevented the Iraqis from consulting with attorneys. Nassauer had no clear answer.  “We are as much in the dark as everybody else,” said the border protection official at one of the largest U.S. airports.  The tense exchange, witnessed by Reuters, was representative of the confusion at airports across the United States and others overseas after Trump abruptly halted immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries and temporarily put a stop to the entry of refugees.  The Trump administration, facing criticism over the executive order’s implementation, on Saturday it would have been “reckless” to give details to government agencies and airports more broadly in advance of launching the security measures, which it says aimed to prevent attacks from foreign groups. But career officials in the Homeland Security and State departments told Reuters that the administration failed to appreciate the complexity of enforcing the order consistently or the need to prepare agencies and airlines. Throughout much of Saturday, government officials and security workers were left to guess who from those countries could enter the United States legally and who could not.  The day ended with U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly in Brooklyn issuing an emergency stay that temporarily allowed stranded travelers with valid visas to remain in the United States. The American Civil Liberties Union, which sought the stay, said it would help 100 to 200 people with visas or refugee status who found themselves detained in transit or at U.S. airports.  Across the country, more than a dozen similar petitions on behalf of individuals being held at airports had been filed by the end of Saturday, according to a Reuters review of data collected by WestLaw. By Sunday morning, federal judges in three more states - Massachusetts, Washington and Virginia - issued orders blocking authorities from deporting travelers impacted by Trump’s executive orders. A senior administration official said Trump’s order - aimed at citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen - needed to be implemented urgently to protect Americans. “There’s a very strong nexus between our immigration and visa programs and terrorist plots and extremist networks inside the United States,” the official told reporters in a briefing. “It would be reckless and irresponsible to ... broadcast to the entire world the exact security measures you’re going to take.” Key figures at the Department of Homeland Security were informed, the official said, declining to elaborate. At the State Department, one of the main agencies dealing with visas and immigration, most officials first heard of the executive order on immigration through the media, according to two department officials.  While some offices were aware an executive order was coming, there was no official communication or consultation from the White House, they said.  “Was there any inter-agency coordination or consultation? No,” said one senior official, speaking on condition of anonymity. Immigration enforcement is among the federal government’s most complex endeavors, involving seven agencies from the U.S. Coast Guard and CBP to the State and Justice Departments. Two senior officials in the Department of Homeland Security said on Saturday that they had not heard of any officials in the relevant agencies - or the congressional committees and subcommittees that oversee them - who had been consulted by anyone who helped draft the president’s order. “If the result is confusion and inconsistency, the responsibility all lies at one address,” said one of the officials, referring to the White House.  The official, like others, requested anonymity to discuss Trump’s order.  Another Homeland Security official told Reuters that the White House worked on the executive orders with “limited department participation.” “It has been a challenge but folks are working through it,” the official said. Affected travelers had varying experiences at different airports, according to nearly 200 accounts gathered by the American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA).  Many holding visas told the association they were allowed into the country without a problem despite Trump’s executive order banning them. But some lawful permanent residents – those with so-called green cards – were turned away despite guidance to airlines from the CBP that they should be allowed to travel. At about 10 p.m. on Friday in Seattle, some eight hours after Trump signed the executive order, an Iranian with dual Canadian citizenship from Vancouver was sent back to Canada, the traveler reported to AILA. A half hour later in New York City, an Iranian arrived at JFK and entered the United States on a valid visa without any problems, according to AILA. One of the Iraqis detained at JFK was Hameed Khalid Darweesh, a 53-year-old Kurd who had worked as a U.S. Army translator in Iraq and had been threatened there for helping the Americans.  Visas for him and his family were issued on Jan. 20, according to a lawsuit filed on behalf of Darweesh and another Iraqi, who had also worked with U.S. military. But as soon as he landed at JFK, he was detained by CBP officers and barred from contacting his attorneys. When his attorneys, from the International Refugee Assistance Project, asked the CBP officers whom they could contact, the agents responded, “Mr. President. Call Mr. Trump,” according to the lawsuit.  Eventually, Darweesh was allowed to leave and met the lawmakers and his lawyers, clutching his passport and weeping with joy. The other Iraqi who was detained, Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi, was also allowed to enter the country.  On Sunday morning, seven more detainees at JFK airport were allowed to enter the United States, said ACLU immigration attorney Andre Segura. The organization knew of at least five others that remained in the custody of border protection officials, Segura told Reuters. Conflicting media and government reports have caused confusion for airlines struggling to deal with the order. CBP informed air carriers about the executive order in a conference call late on Friday, said a person familiar with the agency’s communications. CBP then sent written guidance before noon on Saturday saying that green card holders were “not included” in the ban and could continue to travel to the United States. The source said airlines were allowing travelers with green cards on flights until told otherwise.  The Trump administration official later told reporters that U.S. green card holders traveling outside the United States need to check with a U.S. consulate to see whether they can return. “It’s being cleared on a case-by-case basis,” the official said.  On Sunday morning, the administration addressed the issue again but left questions over how green cards holders would be screened and by what agencies. “The executive order doesn’t affect green card holders moving forward,” White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus addressed told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” He added that they would be subjected to extra questioning by CBP agents when they tried to re-enter the United States.  A senior administration official told Reuters, however, that it had not been determined where and how those screenings would be carried out. The nature of the screening will be up to CBP or the State Department, the official said, and specific guidelines were being drafted. “They could be screened in many different ways and in many different places,” the official said in an interview. ",politicsNews,"January 29, 2017 ",1
HERE’S WHY HILLARY CLINTON FORBIDS PRESS From Taking Photos Of Private Jet Travel THAT COSTS MILLIONS,"Eureka! We figured out why Hillary won t let the press see her off: The campaign of Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton has poured more than $2 million into the use of private jets this election cycle, according to a review of its expenditures.Federal Election Commission documents reviewed by the Washington Free Beacon found that Hillary for America made a total of 48 payments from June 1, 2015, to Jan. 29, 2016, to Executive Fliteways, a New York-based private jet company, running up a tab of $2,128,293 for the campaign.Executive Fliteways is considered  one of the largest independently owned and operated charter companies in the country  and boasts a fleet of private planes ranging from  mid-size,  which can seat seven or eight passengers, to  heavy,  which can carry 12 to 16 people.While it is not clear which jet Clinton prefers on the campaign trail, or if they routinely switch between the jets they use, Clinton has been pinned on Executive Fliteways  Falcon 900B  heavy jet  in the past, according to a media reports. Hillary boarded the plane, which burns 347 gallons of fuel per hour, shortly after laying out her campaign s plan to combat global warming.ABC REPORTER Liz Kreutz TWEETED OUT THIS MESSAGE WITH A PHOTO:     Clinton staff won t allow press to film HRC boarding her charter. We must get on our plane before she gets out of car The Falcon 900B heavy jet carries a price tag of $5,850 per hour and comfortably seats 12 passengers. The luxury accommodations includes a full service galley, executive workstation, onboard WiFi, a full-size private lavatory, and a flight attendant for the  ultimate inflight experience,  according to the company s website.Via: WFB",politics,"Mar 1, 2016",0
"On Oklahoma bombing anniversary, a pitch for Garland for Supreme Court","(Reuters) - Victim advocates and former prosecutors used the anniversary of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing on Tuesday to lobby the U.S. Senate on behalf of U.S. Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, who oversaw the prosecution of bomber Timothy McVeigh. The group, which also includes law enforcement officials, said in a letter to Senate leaders that Garland, a federal appeals court judge picked by President Barack Obama for the Supreme Court, is a man of “integrity and brilliance” who proved his mettle in obtaining the conviction of McVeigh. “Twenty years ago, the nation could not find a better lawyer to manage the investigation and prosecution of what was then the worst crime ever committed on American soil. Today, our nation could not find a better judge, nor a more honorable man, to join its highest court,” the group of 15 connected to Garland through the case said in the letter. It was the latest effort by Garland supporters to put pressure on the Republican-led Senate to act on his nomination to fill a vacancy created by the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Republicans who control the Senate are refusing to advance the nomination, prompting Democrats to accuse them of obstructionism and of ignoring their constitutional obligations. Republicans insist the next president, to be elected on Nov. 8 and take office Jan. 20, fill the vacancy, hoping a Republican will win the White House and choose a conservative rather than the centrist Garland. McVeigh used a fuel and fertilizer bomb to turn Oklahoma City’s Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building into a tomb of rubble on April 19, 1995, killing 168 people.  More than 680 people were injured in the attack. McVeigh was later executed.  In the letter that included former Deputy Attorney General Jamie Gorelick, Garland’s boss at the time of the McVeigh trial, the group credited him with running an intricate and complex operation to secure a conviction that would stand up to any sort of appeal. “The pressure to get it right was unyielding – and Judge Garland’s support was critical. He was not just a supervisor; he was a mentor, a counselor, and a friend,” the letter said. In Oklahoma City on Tuesday, the remembrance ceremony was held in a church near the blast site and marked with prayers and 168 seconds of silence for the victims.  ",politicsNews,"April 19, 2016 ",1
HEAD OF NATION’S TOP IMMIGRATION LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY THREATENS Lawlessness In Sanctuary Cities Unless Amnesty Is Passed,"Obama s ICE Director Sarah Saldana is not the only one determined to help Obama fundamentally transform America. In 2013, Border Agents pleaded with Congress to not pass the  Gang of Eight  bill. They warned that passing it would make America less safe. ICE Agents warned:The 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.WE WERE WARNEDU.S. Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL), a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, voiced his objections to Sarah Saldana s nomination in 2014 when he submitted the following remarks for the Congressional record on the nomination of Sarah Saldana as Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE): Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Sarah Saldana. Ms. Salda a has been nominated to head the nation s top immigration law enforcement agency, which has been at the epicenter of this administration s refusal to enforce our nation s immigration laws.When asked whether she rejects the President s unlawful action to unilaterally grant legal residence and work permits to 5 million individuals illegally in the country, Ms. Salda a, currently the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, responded  no.  Her answer reflects a remarkable disregard for the rule of law that demonstrates that, if confirmed, she will continue the pattern of lawlessness perpetuated by the President and the political leadership of the Department of Homeland Security.Breitbart News- President Obama s Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) director tells lawmakers that no consequences are planned for sanctuary cities until Congress first passes  comprehensive immigration reform.  Sarah Salda a testified before a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on criminal alien violence.After hearing emotional testimony from families torn apart by illegal immigrant murderers, Republican members of Congress grilled two administration witnesses: Leon Rodriquez, Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), and Sarah Salda a, Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Both Rodriquez and Salda a have been tasked with carrying out President Obama s executive amnesty for so-called DREAMers, which includes work permits and medical benefits for low-income illegal aliens funded by citizen taxpayers.Sen. David Vitter (R-LA) repeatedly pressed Salda a on why the Administration was taking no action against sanctuary jurisdictions that refuse to turn over dangerous criminal aliens from their prisons and jails to federal law officers. Salda a replied that Congress would first have to pass  comprehensive immigration reform. Vitter:  This has been going on for years and you still are not prepared to say that there is ever going to be any negative consequence to those [sanctuary] jurisdictions. When is that going to change? Salda a:  I presume when you all address comprehensive immigration reform; perhaps it can be addressed there. Vitter described Salda a s answer as  ridiculous  and kept pressing:  And absent Congress passing that [Senate immigration] bill, that you and the Obama Administration prefer, you don t think right now we can stop sanctuary cities from flaunting federal law? You don t think right now there can be any negative consequences when they do not properly cooperate under existing federal law with immigration enforcement? Salda a gave a muddled reply:  That s what I understand that all of you are working on. Ironically, an immigration bill pushed by Senators Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) would have given amnesty to many of the criminal aliens the families who testified today wish to see deported. As Chris Crane, president of the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Council, noted at the time:Senator Rubio left unchanged legislative provisions that he himself admitted to us in private were detrimental, flawed and must be changed. Legislation written behind closed doors by handpicked special interest groups which put their political agendas and financial gains before sound and effective law and the welfare and safety of the American public. As a result, the 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.Senator Grassley offered an amendment that would that would have barred gang members, such as the notorious MS-13 gang members who have wreaked havoc across the country, from getting amnesty but that amendment was defeated in the Judiciary Committee. The final bill 68 senators voted for therefore expressly made amnesty available to gang members   an amnesty that included access to green cards, welfare and the prize of U.S. citizenship.As The Washington Post reported at the time, this was part of a coordinated effort by members of the Gang of Eight to quash amendments that might have damaged the likelihood of the bill s speedy passage:The eight met in private before each committee hearing, hashing out which amendments they would support and which oppose as a united coalition. Senate aides said amendments were rejected if either side felt they would shatter the deal.Politico confirmed this report:During the Judiciary Committee markup in May, the Gang routinely met to decide which amendments they would support or oppose. In one meeting, the senators thought they had all agreed to defeat a proposal from Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) to require a biometric exit and entry at points of entry before undocumented immigrants could secure green cards, according to one Senate Democratic aide.The day the bill passed the Senate, National Citizenship and Immigration Services Council president Ken Palinkas and president of the National ICE Council Chris Crane, who together represent more than 20,000 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) employees on the front line of immigration enforcement, issued this joint statement:ICE officers and USCIS adjudications officers have pleaded with lawmakers not to adopt this bill,  they wrote,  The Schumer-Rubio-Corker-Hoeven proposal will make Americans less safe and it will ensure more illegal immigration especially visa overstays in the future. It provides legalization for thousands of dangerous criminals while making it more difficult for our officers to identity public safety and national security threats. The legislation was guided from the beginning by anti-enforcement special interests and, should it become law, will have the desired effect of these groups: blocking immigration enforcement. This is anti-public safety bill and an anti-law enforcement bill.Immigration and the transformation of America is shaping up to be the most passionate issue of the 2016 race.When Governor. Scott Walker (R-WI) was question by a DREAMer during a recent campaign stop and said illegal aliens seeking to become Americans needed to return home. He also suggested at the same stop that foreign worker visas should be limited when American jobs and wages are in danger, a position that polls well with liberals and conservatives alike.Via: Breitbart News",Government News,"Jul 21, 2015",0
EMBARRASSING: Pro-Gun Control Reporter Attempts Hit Job On AR-15’s…Claims He Got “Temporary PTSD”…Viewers Respond: “If you have a man card turn it in immediately” [VIDEO],"What is it about liberal men that makes a woman want to shoot him up with testosterone just to make him tolerable?  Gersh Kuntzman of the New York Daily News has been roundly mocked since the publishing of an article headlined  What is it like to fire an AR-15? It s horrifying, menacing and very very loud. The article also contains a video of Kuntzman shooting the AR-15, a segment put together one day after the Orlando massacre.He described the experience as an  explosion of firepower  that was  humbling and deafening,  but it was a line at the end of the article that people really took issue with. The brass shell casings disoriented me as they flew past my face. The smell of sulfur and destruction made me sick,  he said.  The explosions   loud like a bomb   gave me a temporary case of PTSD. For at least an hour after firing the gun just a few times, I was anxious and irritable. It was the  temporary case of PTSD  that critics found inappropriate and Kuntzman added a note about it after publishing, while linking to a follow-up story showcasing some of the responses he received.Many people have objected to my use of the term  PTSD  in the above story. The use of this term was in no way meant to conflate my very temporary anxiety with the very real condition experienced by many of our brave men and women in uniform. I regret the inarticulate use of the term to describe my in-the-moment impression of the gun s firepower, and apologize for it. I have also posted a follow up piece here.In the follow-up mentioned, which Kuntzman headlined  To gun lovers, you can t even have an opinion on assault rifles   unless it s theirs. Here s the proof,  the writer opened by saying  The gun debate is also a gender war. In all my years in journalism   coming up on 30 (thanks)   I have never received so much angry mail as I did after yesterday s story. Here is a sampling of the  angry mail  he received: Kuntzman is an outright liar. Nice try with an extremely stupid article which only appealed to girly boys and women of NYC and like the sheeple they are probably believed the lies. Hey there Cupcake! I have never subscribed to the idea of  gender confusion,  but after reading your article on the AR-15, I m a believer because there is no way you and I are the same gender. You should surrender your testicles to the Department of Girlymen. I m not sure where it s located, but your girlfriend Barack does! You f king pussy. If you have a man card turn it in immediately. You might be better served writing about feminine hygiene products!!! Maybe you can get some balls through Obamacare! Huntsman said these were only the printable responses he received.Via:Rare.us",left-news,"Jun 15, 2016",0
BRUTALLY HONEST BILLBOARD Turns Heads In State With Exploding Muslim Immigrant Population,"American citizens should be more concerned about the Left and the leftist media s attempt to HIDE the brutal truth about Sharia in America, than a billboard that gives readers an opportunity to learn the truth.In a state that doesn t tolerate any discussion of what the massive influx of Somali refugees has done to their neighborhoods and schools, this billboard will likely be a hot topic in Minnesota. Recently, the Minnesota Governor told his constituents to  Leave the state  if they don t like the massive influx off Muslims. Watch the INCREDIBLE VIDEO HERE. [Video]A billboard of a woman in a niqab went up on I-94 in Rogers at the beginning of June, prompting calls to the sign company from the public. Copy was added to the billboard in July, which now reads  Should America Fear Sharia? The billboard is sponsored by the Center for Security Policy, a Washington, D.C. based national security think tank. The site shouldamericafearsharia.org consists mostly of links to videos discussing different topics about Islam and Islamic extremism.The billboard was contracted out by the Center with Franklin Outdoor Advertising, a billboard company in Minnesota and Wisconsin. The billboard went up the beginning of June,  Franklin salesperson Chris Barta said,  Last Friday we switched it out and put up the one with the website. The website advertisement billboard will be up from July 1st through the end of the month when the advertisement contract expires.The Center for Security Policy s website contains articles and videos on national security threats of Islamic terrorism.In the wake of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, the Center s executive vice president Jim Hanson called the attack,  completely in keeping with totalitarian Islamic code called Shariah. Franklin Outdoor Advertising received a number of calls from the public regarding the billboard according to Barta, mostly in June when there was no text accompanying the image on the sign.  AlphaNewsh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",Government News,"Jul 16, 2016",0
EU officials reach draft deal on more North Korea sanctions: sources,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU ambassadors have reached an initial agreement to impose more economic sanctions on North Korea, going beyond the latest round of UN measures, officials and diplomats said on Thursday.  “Today the PSC (EU member states’ ambassadors) agreed on a package of new autonomous measures,” an EU official said. An EU diplomat said around eight new North Korean officials were likely to be added to the EU sanctions list. The decision is likely to be adopted by EU foreign ministers at their next regular meeting on Oct. 16. ",politicsNews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
OOPS! Notable Black Harvard Economist Finds BLACKS Are LESS LIKELY To Be Shot By Cops Than Other Races: “The most surprising result of my career”,"Bad timing This is not great news for the Black Lives Matter terrorists, who were just getting warmed up. Not that the media or various Community Agitator groups will care about the truth Research conducted by a notable African-American economist at Harvard University has revealed a lack of racial bias in police shootings.The research was conducted by Roland G. Fryer, who is the youngest black professor to have received tenure status at Harvard. As Fryer expected, his research revealed that police are more likely to use force towards an African-American suspect. However, in what Fryer called  the most surprising result of my career,  his research also revealed that African-American suspects are less likely to be shot in an altercation with law enforcement than suspects of other racial backgrounds.According to the statistics used in Fryer s study, officers are more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspect is white.In officer-involved shootings in these cities, officers were more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspects were white. Black and white civilians involved in police shootings were equally likely to have been carrying a weapon. Both of these results undercut the idea that the police wield lethal force with racial bias.Fryer s research analyzed more than a thousand shootings in ten major police departments. Houston, Austin, Dallas and Los Angeles, as well as Orlando and Jacksonville, were among the cities included in the study.When the law enforcement data from Houston was isolated specifically, Fryer was able to conclude that law enforcement officers were significantly less likely to shoot black suspects.In tense situations, officers in Houston were about 20 percent less likely to shoot a suspect if the suspect was black. This estimate was not very precise, and firmer conclusions would require more data. But, in a variety of models that controlled for different factors and used different definitions of tense situations, Mr. Fryer found that blacks were either less likely to be shot or there was no difference between blacks and whites.The conclusions drawn by this research contradict much of the narrative that is playing out in the media about police brutality. Most major media outlets have been sympathetic to the cause of Black Lives Matter, an activist movement that exists specifically to combat racially motivated aggression towards African-Americans by law enforcement officers.   Breitbart ",politics,"Jul 14, 2016",0
NEW AGE GURU Dr. Deepak Chopra Says Trump May Be “Mentally Retarded” [VIDEO],"Pathetic New Age guru and alternative medicine activist Dr. Deepak Chopra attacked Donald Trump Tuesday in an interview on Fox News  The Alan Colmes Show, during which he called the presumptive GOP presidential nominee both  emotionally  and  mentally retarded. Chopra, 68, said that Trump epitomizes, among other things, the  darkest demons  of America s  collective psyche. I would never say this unless I believed it was 100% true, but he represents the racist, the bigot, the one who s prejudiced, the one who is full of fear and hatred, the one who represents emotional retardation of a three-year old,  Chopra said of Trump.  And yet he s so popular because he s given permission to our collective psyche to express their darkest demons. Radio host Colmes asked Chopra if Trump is himself a racist and bigot, or whether he just represents those ideologies to his supporters. I think he is,  Chopra said, adding:  I think he s racist, he s bigoted, he s prejudiced. He s full of fear. He is angry. He has a lot of hatred. He pouts, he s belligerent, he s emotionally retarded. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jun 9, 2016",0
 Horrific Texas GOP Platform Is Made Worse By Implying That Most Texans Are Gay,"When you live in a state that thinks the worst things about their school system is open bathrooms and the fact that textbooks fail to show Jesus riding a dinosaur, it s not surprising that that state s Republican Party platform would fail to pass a 5th grade grammar test.Well, it wasn t a test, so to speak, but when the Republican Party released their platform, along with its official stance against all things gay, the tiniest of grammar fails seemed to indicate that most Texans are gay. Grammar nerds, judge for yourselves:Homosexuality   Homosexuality is a chosen behavior that is contrary to the fundamental unchanging truths that has been ordained by God in the Bible, recognized by our nations founders, and shared by the majority of Texans.We ll get to the fact that this is a reprehensible and probably unconstitutional platform in a moment, but for now, let s laugh.The controversy is over the very last comma. There s a grammatical argument going on,  said Rudy Oeftering, vice president of the LGBT Republican group Metroplex Republicans, who brought the issue to my attention.  Some are insisting the use of commas in the  Homosexuality  plank in the platform could be interpreted as saying that the founders and the majority of Texans are gay. Source: The New Civil Rights MovementEven if we let that slide, Texans should be embarrassed at how poorly written the sentence is to begin with.Needless to say, it s a poorly written sentence in general. Either  truths  should be singular or  has  should be  have,  and  nations  lacks a possessive apostrophe.They should be, but anyone who s ever been subjected to Republicans on social media knows that things can get so much worse.Twitter had fun with the Texas GOP, though:Also, the Texas GOP platform would require Caitlyn Jenner and Laura Jane Grace to use men s restrooms, which seems  problematic.  daveweigel (@daveweigel) May 17, 2016 The Truth is Revealed by the Texas GOP Committee @TexasGOP, The Majority of Texans are Homosexuals! https://t.co/Dz9LAHhFrY  PC Godless Liberal (@TheAntiCruz) May 19, 2016@mikesmith8026 @GregAbbott_TX if Mike Smith is the face of the @TexasGOP then they are in trouble #grammar #spelling #stopsayingthug  John (@JohnsPolitics) July 25, 2015If only this was the worst thing about the Texas GOP platform. They want to abolish the 17th Amendment of the Constitution, which allows citizens to vote for their Senators. The Legislature wants to do it instead.They want to nullify any laws that they think are unconstitutional. This amounts to succession. They also want to defund and abolish the majority of government agencies and anything that might have a chance of saving the environment, but they do want a strong military to kill all the Mooslims. Oh, and they want the gold standard back.By now, we re used to that anti-government stuff from petulant Texans, but the plank on homosexuality is the only one that addresses people directly. Here s the entire paragraph. See if it doesn t make you throw up in your mouth a little. Homosexuality is a chosen behavior that is contrary to the fundamental unchanging truths that has been ordained by God in the Bible, recognized by our nation s founders, and shared by the majority of Texans. Homosexuality must not be presented as an acceptable alternative lifestyle, in public policy, nor should family be redefined to include homosexual couples. We oppose the granting of special legal entitlements or creation of special status for homosexual behavior, regardless of state of origin. We oppose any criminal or civil penalties against those who oppose homosexuality out of faith, conviction, or belief in traditional values. Source: EsquireIt doesn t take a deep reading between the lines to see that this platform is a warning to all LGBT people to stay in the closet or risk harassment and bullying, without penalty, from anyone who hides behind the Bible.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images.",News,"May 19, 2016",0
"WHILE OBAMA VACATIONS AND HANDS OUT A BILLION DOLLAR GIFT TO KENYANS, IRAN’S AYATOLLAH TWEETS PICTURE OF BARACK WITH GUN TO HIS HEAD","Hey Barry tell us again about what a great deal for America you cut with Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran s supreme leader, tweeted a graphic Saturday morning that appears to depict President Barack Obama committing suicide by holding a gun to his head.US president has said he could knock out Iran s military. We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but.. pic.twitter.com/D4Co7fVuVg  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 25, 2015 We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but if any war happens, the one who will emerge loser will be the aggressive and criminal U.S.,  the quote attributed to Khamenei said. Khamenei oftentimes blasts the U.S. and Obama over Twitter, even after the U.S. and other world powers came together to reach a historic nuclear deal with Iran. US is the supporter& plotter of terrorism. #Iran has fought #terrorism, has slapped it,has hit in the head and will continue to do so. #ISIS   Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) May 16, 2015  The term  Great Satan  for US was coined by @IRKhomeini ; when you consider sb or an entity as Satan then it s clear how you should behave.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) June 4, 2015US Govs accuse #Lebanon s #Hezbollah and resistance who are most devoted national defense forces of being terrorists. 1/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US Govs are supporting terrorist, child-killer #Zionist regime. How can we negotiate and agree with such policies? 2/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US pres. said he could knock out Iran s army. Of course we neither welcome, nor begin war, but in case of war, US will leave it disgraced.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015   I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015 Via: The Blaze",left-news,"Jul 25, 2015",0
Trump says China 'won't help' with North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump criticized China on Monday, saying it had benefited from its economic ties with the United States but would not help control North Korea. “China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won’t help with North Korea. Nice!” Trump wrote on Twitter. ",politicsNews,"January 2, 2017 ",1
 SNL Gets Real And Delivers The Most Important Message Of The Election Year (VIDEO),"Saturday Night Live has helped bring quite a bit of levity to this otherwise horrific election year but in the final episode before the election, before we as a nation go to the polls and decide if we want to be extraordinary or  deplorable,  the cast of Saturday Night Live could not help but drop the act and get real with America.It began as it normally does, with Alec Baldwin s masterful Donald Trump character and Kate McKinnon s excellent portrayal of Hillary Clinton (if she spent all day every day mainlining a dangerous mixture of sugar and caffeine). I never use emails,  Trump says in the cold opener.  I use a very private, very secure site where one can write whatever they want to and no one can read it It s called Twitter. After he is informed that everyone can see his tweets,  Trump  replies: Really? And I m still in this thing? America you must really hate this lady. After a scathing rebuke of the media s decision to ignore Trump s cozy relationship with Putin, the KKK, and the FBI and instead focus on something as meaningless as Hillary Clinton s emails, something magical happened: McKinnon and Baldwin dropped the facade and got serious. I m sorry, Kate. I just hate yelling all this stuff at you like this,  Baldwin says. I just feel gross all the time about this. Don t you all feel gross?  he added, addressing the audience.McKinnon agrees and the two embark on a  friendship montage  through the city before returning to the stage. Then they dropped perhaps the most important message you will hear this election year. None of this would have mattered if you don t vote,  Baldwin says. We can t tell you who to vote for, but on Tuesday we all get a chance to choose what kind of country we want to live in,  McKinnon finishes.They re right.Watch it below: Featured image via screengrab",News,"November 6, 2016",0
 Watch The Hilarious GOP Debate Intro Fail (VIDEO),"Saturday s GOP debate got off to a hilarious start as candidates Ben Carson and Donald Trump both failed to appear on stage after their names were called.Video posted to YouTube by the Washington Free Beacon shows an obviously confused Ben Carson hovering off stage for several minutes, after he apparently failed to hear his name called during the introductions.At this point we see a man at the end of the hallway frantically gesturing to Carson to walk out onto the stage.After a long, awkward pause, during which the cameras were honed in on Carson, the announcer goes on to introduce Ted Cruz.Carson begins to walk toward the stage, then suddenly stops, realizing that it was Cruz s name, not his own, that was called.Carson moves further off stage, and Cruz walks past him, patting his arm.After Cruz takes to the stage, the man at the end of the hallway appears again. Yet again he can be seen waving wildly at Carson, prompting him to walk out.But nope. Carson remains dazed and confused.The announcer then calls Donald Trump.Trump saunters slowly around the corner, but he also fails to walk out on the stage.With Carson and Trump both hovering in the hall, the announcer goes on to introduce Marco Rubio.Rubio walks past both of the other candidates, as Trump stands awkwardly near Carson.Jeb Bush is called next. Bush glides right on past Trump and Carson, who clearly have no idea what they re supposed to doing.After all of the other candidates have finally taken to the stage, the moderators personally invite Carson to come out of the hallway.A moment later they call Donald Trump, noting that  he s standing back there as well. Trump misses it again. He finally gets it right the third time around.Watch the hilarious video, courtesy of the Washington Free Beacon on YouTube. Those who watch the GOP debates hoping for substance or serious policy discussion are sure to be disappointed, every time.But those of us who watch expecting nothing more than a good laugh are rarely disappointed.Image credit: video screen capture via Washington Free Beacon on YouTube",News,"February 7, 2016",0
'Just talk': Belgium offers Spain relationship advice,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Amid a rising babble of advice from European neighbors on how to handle Catalonia, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy might pay attention to one country that knows something about fending off separation   Belgium. The Belgian prime minister, Charles Michel, took a lead among European governments on Sunday after police used force to  prevent voting in a unilateral independence referendum by calling for leaders in Madrid and Barcelona to start talking.  Violence can never be the answer! We condemn all forms of violence and reaffirm our call for political dialogue,  Michel tweeted on a day when most European leaders, and the European Union authorities in Brussels, stayed silent on events in Spain. Belgium has rejigged its constitution six times in the past half century to hold together its two halves: French-speaking Wallonia and Dutch-speaking Flanders.  Three centuries after Spanish rule ended in the lands that  make up modern Belgium, a Belgian government in which Flemish nationalists play a major role feels it has something particular to say about the virtues of conversation.  Just get around the table and talk,  a Belgian government official told Reuters, summing up advice to Barcelona and Madrid.  We strongly believe that full negotiations in which all parties are included can take away that sense of frustration.  Reflecting on the three years in which Michel, a 41-year-old French-speaking Walloon centrist, has governed in coalition with the right-wing Flemish nationalist N-VA, the official said an important lesson for Belgians had been that dialogue with the separatists had substantially reined in secessionist sentiment.  The separatist tendency has declined considerably when people see that their community is being treated with respect.  Rooted in part in a history of domination by the industrial, French-speaking south during Belgium s first century or so after independence from the Netherlands in 1830, Flemish nationalism flourished as heavy industry declined and Flemings, prospering, started to resent funding welfare transfers to the Walloons. Frictions over language in universities broke out into riots in 1968 but mostly Belgium has kept a lid on communal violence, thanks in part to constitutional gymnastics that have left it a complex federal state with huge autonomy for the regions. The N-VA has muted calls for more devolution and support for independence is in single figures, polls indicate, easing fears that a Catalan secession could revive Flemish aspirations.  The pressure which has now built up in Catalonia has been negotiated away over the years in Belgium,  said Carl Devos, politics professor at the University of Ghent in Flanders. That willingness to talk endlessly over legal reforms is in contrast to what many Belgians see as an inflexibility by Rajoy to accept changing Spain s 1978 post-dictatorship constitution   and hence to negotiate a more devolved status for Catalonia. Michel made his  heartfelt  plea for an end to violence and for new dialogue after talking to some EU counterparts and to Flemish government allies on Sunday, the official said. It was not intended as an attack on Rajoy or the Spanish legal system, he said, but a response to a fear positions were hardening.  It is our trademark to deal with pressure from regions wanting more autonomy peacefully,  Devos said.  So it is not surprising that the prime minister felt the need to speak out.  ",worldnews,"October 2, 2017 ",1
"U.S. TV networks, amid strong ad sales, boost coverage for Trump's convention","(Reuters) - U.S. TV networks, buoyed by strong demand from advertisers, are adding hours of coverage for this week’s Republican National Convention compared to four years ago and planning to use social media to capture any  unexpected moments, executives said. Presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump may be new to politics. But the former star of his own reality show “The Apprentice” is a TV veteran who has promised to throw out the traditional convention script and provide a “showbiz” feel. Adding to the programing uncertainty are protests outside the convention hall in Cleveland and the possibility of dissent among delegates.  “It’s safe to say that there are going to be surprises,” said Sam Feist, Washington bureau chief for CNN, the cable news network owned by Time Warner Inc (TWX.N).      The stakes are high for broadcast and cable networks. Media analysts predict viewership for Trump’s acceptance speech could surpass the record 38 million who watched Barack Obama address the Democratic convention in 2008. The potential for the unexpected at what is usually a meticulously staged event is driving strong advertiser demand, network executives said. CNN is pulling in between $40,000 and $100,000 for 30-second spots, a source familiar with the matter said. That is far above the typical cost of roughly $7,000 for a primetime ad on CNN. “We are 100 percent sold on primetime and about 95 percent sold on other slots,” said Katrina Cukaj, executive vice president of portfolio sales and client partnerships at CNN parent Turner Broadcasting. She declined to comment on rates. Quick service restaurants and movie studios are running more spots than in past conventions, Cukaj said. “The advertisers are a lot more diverse than I have ever seen,” Cukaj said. Broadcaster CBS (CBS.N) has seen strong ad sales for both conventions and has booked ads from the entertainment, packaged goods, travel and other industries, a network source said. In 2012, TV advertisers spent $5.8 million during both conventions, compared to $7.8 million in 2008, according to Kantar Media. Cable networks will provide coverage throughout each day and into the evening. Broadcast networks plan one hour of primetime coverage each of the four nights, plus online reports. In 2012, broadcasters aired an hour of only the last three nights. CNN will have hundreds of staff on the ground, more than any previous convention, Feist said. For the first time, the channel is anchoring every show from Cleveland through noon Friday. The network will face plenty of competition. Fox News Channel, owned by 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O), began its coverage from Cleveland on Thursday, four days before the start, compared to Sunday in years past. It also added staff outside to cover protests.  Trump’s acceptance speech could attract more than 40 million viewers, said Kyle Roberts, president and chief executive of Smart Media Group, a media buyer that works with Republican candidates. Some brands will avoid the convention, said Barry Lowenthal, president of The Media Kitchen, a media buyer. “It’s just dangerous territory,” Lowenthal said. “It’s very unpredictable content. I’m not sure that convention is going to enhance any brand’s image. Why go there if you can go elsewhere?” Media outlets say they will rely more heavily this year on social media and live streams. MSNBC correspondent Jacob Soboroff said he expects to broadcast live most of the week. When not on television, he plans to be on Snapchat, Twitter and possibly Facebook Live. “This is going to be a different kind of convention,” Soboroff said. “It doesn’t feel like business as usual because there is a lot of energy around that feels uncertain.” Walt Disney Co’s (DIS.N) ABC News will run up to six live streams simultaneously on its website and apps. Live coverage from CBS will appear on Twitter and the 24-hour CBSN mobile app. CBS is preparing for the possibility that Trump will appear in some role every night, another break from tradition, CBS News President David Rhodes said. ",politicsNews,"July 18, 2016 ",1
 Watergate Reporter Says Trump’s Russia Scandal Is Way WORSE Than Watergate (DETAILS),"James Fallows has been a journalist since 1972 and he covered the Watergate scandal so he knows what he s talking about.And when Fallows says that Donald Trump s ongoing and ever-growing Russia scandal is WORSE than Watergate, every American should take notice.That s exactly what Fallows did in a new article for The Atlantic published on Friday.Fallows remembers the Watergate scandal clearly despite the fact that it unfolded 45 years ago.The scandal is known as the Watergate scandal because some of President Richard Nixon s goons broke into the Democratic National Committee offices at the Watergate hotel.Nixon tried to cover up the crime by repeatedly lying and refusing to cooperate with investigations. He went so far as to fire Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor assigned to the investigation. Cox wanted Nixon to release White House recordings and Nixon refused. Nixon wanted Cox to back off but Cox refused. Nixon then fired him. After that, it was all downhill for Nixon. The Supreme Court ordered him to release the tapes and they were so damning that Nixon resigned before he could be impeached.But Trump s Russia scandal is worse. Based simply on what is known so far, this scandal looks worse than Watergate,  Fallows wrote.  Worse for and about the president. Worse for the overall national interest. Worse in what it suggests about the American democratic system s ability to defend itself. Fallows points out that Watergate was a mere burglary in an effort to find information on Nixon s political opponents. Trump s scandal, on the other hand, is:Nothing less than attacks by an authoritarian foreign government on the fundamentals of American democracy, by interfering with an election and doing so as part of a sustained effort that included parallel interference in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and elsewhere. At worst, such efforts might actually have changed the election results. At least, they were meant to destroy trust in democracy. Not much of this is fully understood or proven, but the potential stakes are incomparably greater than what happened during Watergate, crime and cover-up alike.Fallows then compared Nixon s firing of Cox to Trump s firing of FBI Director James Comey.While Nixon  paid lip-service to the concept of due process and checks-and-balances  and at least acted like he was  sticking to some recognizable rules,  Trump s has openly disdained and flouted the rules. Nothing Donald Trump has done, on the campaign trail or in office, has expressed awareness of, or respect for, established rules,  Fallows continued.  Nixon s private comments could be vile, but nothing he said in public is comparable to Trump s dismissing James Comey as a  showboat,  or the thuggishly menacing tweet that Trump sent out today. The tweet Fallows referenced is a clear threat from Trump aimed at Comey in an effort to keep him from speaking to the press.James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017And while Nixon was a  dark and complex  person who was  deeply knowledgeable  and  publicly disciplined  and possessed  political and strategic intelligence,  Trump has repeatedly proven that  he is impulsive, and ignorant, and apparently beyond the reach of any control, even his own. And what s also worse about Trump s Russia scandal is the way Republicans have circled the wagons around Trump and have made attempt after attempt to bury any investigations into his misconduct.While Republicans like Jason Chaffetz, Mitch McConnell, and Devin Nunes have all tried to sabotage investigations on Trump s behalf, it was Republicans like Charles Wiggins, Barry Goldwater, and Howard Baker who put their country before party and sided against Nixon.The Republicans who turned against Nixon will be remembered for doing the right thing when their country needed them most. Today s Republicans will only be remembered for doing nothing while their country burned to the ground. Fallows even points out that all it would take is three brave Republicans in the Senate to join Democrats to get a truly independent investigation rolling.The question is whether they actually care about their country, the Constitution, and the integrity of the office of the presidency enough to do so.Our country needs heroes now more than ever. Republicans could be those heroes if they would just stop being cowards and stop being Trump s puppets.Featured Image: Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",News,"May 12, 2017",0
" WATCH: Top Senator Proves GOP Built Trump, Makes Them Own It","Republicans now scrambling to contain the political damage being inflicted on their party by presidential candidate Donald Trump were given a strong wakeup call by Senator Harry Reid (D-NV), the top ranking Democratic senator in the country.In a speech delivered at the Center for American Progress, Reid tore into Trump with particular emphasis on how the extremism of the modern Republican Party led to his shocking rise. The Republican establishment acts bewildered. But they shouldn t. As much as they may try to distance themselves from Trump now, Republican leaders are responsible for his rise,  he said.He attacked his Senate colleagues for trying to distance themselves from Trump s rise, saying they bear the responsibility. When Trump calls immigrants rapists and murderers, he s just doing what he s learned from generations of conservatives,  Reid said.  The Republican Party has become the party of Trump. Reid went on to describe the actions of Republican leaders towards Trump as  moral cowardice,  pointing out that they simply dole out a verbal  slap on the wrist  when Trump indulges in hate but are still prepared to back him for the highest office in the land.Republican leaders, looking at Trump s poor performance in head to head polls against Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, particularly among the core voters that have given Democrats victories in the last two presidential elections   black, latino, and female voters   have begun to prepare contingency plans.One group is organizing in order to arrange votes against Trump at the Republican convention this summer in Cleveland, while others are discussing an idea to draft a third party candidate to run in the elections this fall. As a practical matter, both plans would likely lead to the easy election of whoever the Democratic nominee happens to be.Reid also pointed out that he at least respects Ted Cruz, even though he is amazingly unpopular in the Senate  Because he stands for things. Trump stands for nothing. Featured image via Flickr",News,"March 17, 2016",0
 The President Is Doing Something Amazing For Working Class Americans Who Lose Their Jobs (VIDEO),"The president s Saturday morning address is chock-full of good news for working class Americans. Unemployment is at the lowest it s been since before Bush tanked the economy. With 70 straight months of job growth, confidence that the American jobs market will reach full employment is high. As President Obama points out, however, it s never enough to stand on your laurels.One of the major problems with the recovery has been that when companies started hiring again, they hired at lower wages. It may have been out of fear that thew worst may still be ahead or it could be out of a need to recoup the losses they experienced from 8 years of Bush policies. Regardless, the working class American is the one who pays the price. Most of corporate America operates on bottom line numbers, not whether or not their employees can afford to eat. Passing on the losses to those who work their butts off to rebuild their companies has become standard operating procedure.The President has vowed to change that in his final year in office, starting with those who need it most. He s initiating a plan of not just improved unemployment insurance and job training for those who still can t find a job, but wage insurance for those people making under $50K per year who are re-hired for a job at a lower wage. The plan would cover up to $10K in wage replacement over two years to struggling families making less now for the same job they were doing before they were let go.The president says in his address: If a hardworking American loses her job, regardless of what state she lives in, we should make sure she can get unemployment insurance and some help to retrain for her next job. It s a way to give families some stability and encourage folks to rejoin the workforce   because we shouldn t just be talking about unemployment; we should be talking about reemployment, Moving the country forward has been the goal of this administration from day one. It used to be that we could be sure that Republicans would block whatever the president tried to do, causing him to move on to the next thing, but lately he s been taking matters into his own hands, not giving a sh*t what the Republicans think or want.That s the way we like it, Mr. President. Keep up the good work.Watch President Obama s full address below:Featured image via screen capture",News,"January 16, 2016",0
REMEMBER WHEN Democrat Operatives Were Caught Bragging About Their Voter Fraud Operation In WI? [VIDEO],"Watch:. @Jordanfabian If there is no #VoterFraud, how come 2 #DNC operatives resigned/ were fired over the @PVeritas_Action hidden cam videos? pic.twitter.com/7vHuQPejC0  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2016",left-news,"Nov 28, 2016",0
DEMOCRAT REP: Sexual Assault Is A Woman’s Fault If She Appears ‘Inviting’ [Video],"Wow! These Texas Democratic congresswomen are unreal!  We just had the Bedazzled Cowgirl Congresswoman Frederica Wilson trying to stir up lies against Trump. Now this:Texas Congresswoman Bernice Johnson might regret commenting on the allegations against serial sexual assaulter Harvey Weinstein when she said  that women also have a responsibility to stop sexual assault and harassment. She thinks women shouldn t appear  inviting THIS WOMAN IS SO IN THE DARK ABOUT SEXUAL ASSAULT: I grew up in a time when it was as much the woman s responsibility as a man s how you were dressed, what your behavior was,  Texas Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson told Dallas  local NBC5. I m from the old school that you can have behaviors that appear to be inviting. It can be interpreted as such,  Johnson continued.  That s the responsibility, I think, of the female. Interviewer Diana Zoga asked if it was time to stop asking about what women were wearing and to start talking about the power that men abused. I think we also need to start talking about the power that women have to control the situation,  Johnson responded.SOOOO IT S ALL A WOMAN S FAULT? There s law enforcement, you can refuse to cooperate with that kind of behavior. I think that many times, men get away with this because they are allowed to get away with it by the women,  she concluded.Read more: WFB",politics,"Oct 19, 2017",0
REPUBLICAN PROPOSES HOUSE BILL TO FORCE Supreme Court Justices And Employees To Join Obamacare,"Of course, we d be okay with excluding three of the Justices who didn t go along with the rubber stamping of Obama s reckless socialized medicine plan. While we re at it, it s only fair for Barry and his family to be forced to use his signature  Obamacare  insurance plan as well A House Republican on Thursday proposed forcing the Supreme Court justices and their staff to enroll in ObamaCare.Rep. Brian Babin (R-Texas) said that his SCOTUScare Act would make all nine justices and their employees join the national healthcare law s exchanges. As the Supreme Court continues to ignore the letter of the law, it s important that these six individuals understand the full impact of their decisions on the American people,  he said.  That s why I introduced the SCOTUScare Act to require the Supreme Court and all of its employees to sign up for ObamaCare,  Babin said.Babin s potential legislation would only let the federal government provide healthcare to the Supreme Court and its staff via ObamaCare exchanges. By eliminating their exemption from ObamaCare, they will see firsthand what the American people are forced to live with,  he added.His move follows the Supreme Court s ruling Thursday morning that upheld the subsidies under ObamaCare that are provided by the government to offset the cost of buying insurance.The 6-3 decision, authored by Chief Justice John Roberts, said consumers purchasing health insurance from the federal exchange in roughly 34 states could continue to do so.The ruling in King v. Burwell has spurred anger on the right, with conservatives questioning the logic of the decision. They deserve an Olympic medal for the legal gymnastics,  Rep. Joe Pitts (R-Pa.), the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, told The Hill.Roberts argued in his decision that eliminating subsidies would have pulled state healthcare markets into a death spiral. That chain of effects, he added, was not consistent with ObamaCare s intent. The argument that the phrase  established by the State  would be superfluous if Congress meant to extend tax credits to both State and Federal Exchanges is unpersuasive,  he wrote.Justice Antonin Scalia strongly criticized that interpretation in his dissent. We should start by calling this law SCOTUScare,  he wrote, lambasting Roberts for the ObamaCare decision in 2012 declaring the law s mandate that people buy insurance constitutional.Via: The Hill ",politics,"Jun 26, 2015",0
"Obama vetoes Sept. 11 Saudi bill, sets up showdown with Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Friday vetoed legislation allowing families of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia, which could prompt Congress to overturn his decision with a rare veto override, the first of his presidency. Obama said the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act would hurt U.S. national security and harm important alliances, while shifting crucial terrorism-related issues from policy officials into the hands of the courts. The bill passed the Senate and House of Representatives in reaction to long-running suspicions, denied by Saudi Arabia, that hijackers of the four U.S. jetliners that attacked the United States in 2001 were backed by the Saudi government. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals. Obama said other countries could use the law, known as JASTA, as an excuse to sue U.S. diplomats, members of the military or companies - even for actions of foreign organizations that had received U.S. aid, equipment or training. “Removing sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated as state sponsors of terrorism, based solely on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad had a connection to terrorism-related injuries on U.S. soil, threatens to undermine these longstanding principles that protect the United States, our forces, and our personnel,” Obama said in a statement. Senator Chuck Schumer, who co-wrote the legislation and has championed it, immediately made clear how difficult it will be for Obama to sustain the veto. Schumer, the No. 3 Democrat in the Senate, issued a statement within moments of receiving the veto, promising that it would be “swiftly and soundly overturned.” He represents New York, home of most of the Sept. 11 victims. Both the Democratic and Republican candidates for president, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, said they would have signed the bill into law if they were in the White House. If two-thirds of the lawmakers in both the Senate and House vote to override, the law would stand, the first such override since he became president in 2009, and possibly the last.  Obama leaves office in January. Friday’s veto was the twelfth of his presidency. An override has been expected, despite some lawmakers saying they had doubts about the measure. In a letter seen by Reuters on Friday, Republican Representative Mac Thornberry, chairman of the powerful House Armed Services Committee, said he would oppose the override. “My primary concern is that this bill increases the risk posed to American military and intelligence personnel, diplomats and others serving our country around the world,” Thornberry wrote in a letter encouraging his fellow Republicans to sustain the veto. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday he thought there were enough votes to override a veto, but had concerns. “I worry about trial lawyers trying to get rich off of this. And I do worry about the precedent,” he told reporters. The “9/11 Families & Survivors United for Justice Against Terrorism” group, which has pressed Congress to uphold the legislation, called Obama’s veto explanation “unconvincing and unsupportable.” The Saudi government has lobbied heavily to stop the bill,  the European Union has formally opposed it and Gulf States have condemned it. Major U.S. corporations such as General Electric and Dow Chemical have also pressed lawmakers to reconsider. “The bill is not balanced, sets a dangerous precedent, and has real potential to destabilize vital bilateral relationships and the global economy,” GE Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt said in a letter to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who supports the bill. ",politicsNews,"September 23, 2016 ",1
“MY HOMETOWN IS GONE” A Shocking First-Hand Account of the Islamization of an American Small Town,"Did you know that over 15 thousand so-called Muslim  refugees  have been admitted to the US since inauguration day?WHERE DID THEY GO? 15,726 Mostly Muslim Refugees Admitted Since Inauguration DayAmericans have got to wake up and see what s happening to us!Loretta Brady has written the best ever first-hand account of the damage the refugee resettlement program is doing to America s small towns. It s truly a must-read! Please share!I gave a talk at a luncheon a few months ago that was basically relating my story of how my hometown has been Islamized by refugee resettlement. So it makes sense to do a blog post.I m from the Utica, NY area. Utica is the city nicknamed by the UN  the city that loves refugees!  Soon every American city will be a city that loves refugees! Get ready! So I would like to tell you what it is like living in an area where the major city is about 25% (or more) refugee, mainly MuslimI was born in Utica, a  faded industrial town  along the Mohawk River/Erie Canal corridor, and lived there until I was 8-years-old when my family moved to a nearby small college town. I loved living in Utica because there were lots of families on my block, big Catholic families with lots of kids. You could yard-hop, checking out who was available for play. You could bike around the neighborhood. There were block parties in the summer. My grandmother lived up the street. Life was good.My father and his father were born and lived in Utica, NY. My father was a judge in Utica, like his father before him. The Catholic school my father attended is now a community center for refugees. After I moved back to the Utica area as an adult I used to recite  Full fathom five  to the children as we drove by my father s former Catholic school. (Nothing of him that doth fade,/But doth suffer a sea change/Into something rich and strange.)When I had my first child I was living in New York City. Her father and I divorced when she was a baby, and when she was two-years-old, I beat a hasty retreat back home to Upstate NY. There I met my husband. We got married, we had babies (in that order, ahem), and we settled down outside of Utica.When I moved back home one of the first things I noticed was that an old Methodist church was being converted into a bright shiny white new mosque. The local paper touted this as immense progress and featured a local woman who had attended the church as a child and was positively brimming with joy it was being turned into a mosque. If that is the general sentiment, then it s odd that my county went for Trump, right? There are at least two mosques in the city now. They just built another.Where do I start? Utica had always been  the city that loves refugees  but under Obama things accelerated. Muslim immigrants were suddenly in these local bureaucratic positions where they had power over you. This, in what is probably one of the most corrupt states in the union, where the power of the state is everything.The social worker at my daughter s school was a Muslim immigrant. I looked for her profile on the school website, I googled her, I could not find information on her background, resume, qualifications, or educational attainments.When I began to homeschool my daughter the administrator to whom I had to submit paperwork was a Muslim immigrant. To homeschool in New York State you must submit detailed quarterly reports to an administrator at your local school district. I googled the administrator. He also worked at the local Board of Cooperative Educational Services, but I could not find any other information on his background, resume, qualifications, or educational attainments.I was friends with the wife of the Orthodox priest at our church, and she told me that this administrator found some problems with her paperwork and challenged her. It turned out she was right about the issue, and he backed down. Comfy little situation, right?Right before we moved I went to the ER. The nurse practitioner was a Muslim immigrant (Bosnia), and the doctor she worked under was a Muslim immigrant (Pakistan). I remember how during the visit I suddenly became very aware of the cross I always wear around my neck.In 2012 on the way home from my daughter s piano lesson, I left my children in the car, ran into the supermarket for ten minutes, and came out to find a man outside my car who informed me he had called the police. I called my husband and my parents and together we waited for the police officer who eventually arrived and arrested me. Lenore Skenazy wrote an account of the incident in the Wall Street Journal. It is pretty accurate except that it wasn t a suburb, it was a village of less than 2,000 people.It was a terrible thing to do, but it was not hot (we re about two hours from the Canadian border), it was the small safe village where I grew up (I think I was the only arrest that week), and I spent half my childhood hanging out in the car with my brother while my mother did errands. My friend sent me a Salon article (I don t read Salon) about a mom who did the same thing, and she like me was in her hometown where she grew up, and so automatically just living by the rules she grew up with. My mother never got arrested. It didn t occur to me I would be arrested. That s my only arrest. So far. But anyway, the point of this story is I was then investigated (and cleared which I hope should be obvious) by CPS.The CPS worker who investigated me was Muslim.So let me just summarize: the social worker at the school is Muslim, the administrator who ok s homeschooling is Muslim, the CPS worker is Muslim, the nurse practitioner at the ER is Muslim, the doctor at the ER is Muslim. These are positions of authority that wield a lot of power.Are you starting to get the picture?The spring before we moved Utica made national news because of a federal grant to the local community college (two million dollars) for a (Muslim immigrant) professor to teach teenage (Muslim) refugees how to build drones. The grant didn t mention explicitly that the drones would be equipped with bombs or anything, so it was all aboveboard. This was going on like down the road from us. My husband assured me he could shoot any drone out of the sky, and I m sure he could, but curiously enough that didn t assuage my anxiety, but only exacerbated it. The last thing I needed was my husband getting arrested on federal charges for taking down a drone.I looked up the Muslim immigrant professor on Linked In. It was an odd career trajectory. It looked like he had been a soccer coach a few years before. It wasn t exactly clear to me how he had landed his present job where he was getting federal money to train Muslims to build drones, but, hey, that s the Obama era for you.In 2015, a 26-year-old Bosnian refugee in Utica was arrested for supporting ISIS. The local paper reported that in his spare time when he wasn t supporting ISIS, he enjoyed mixed martial arts fighting at the local gym. Local law enforcement complained they hadn t been informed of the investigation. You know and I know that if anything happens, local law enforcement are the first responders.I went to a couple Trump rallies and meetings in Upstate NY before we moved. When I mentioned the arrest of this ISIS supporter to a local businessman at one of the meetings, he got a very serious look and said Utica was full of ISIS and the local police were really worried. The Trump meetings were emotional. The organizer picked a donut shop whose owner was friendly to the Trump platform so we could talk. Everyone went around the table and introduced themselves. Two of the women cried. New York State is not doing well.Don t believe the Start-Up NY commercials. Potemkin Village.My husband lost two jobs in three years in Upstate NY. Not by any fault of his own- he is a very skilled, dedicated, experienced, hard worker- but because his bosses went out of business. His first boss moved to North Carolina. His second boss had to close up shop, which seemed linked to a downturn in the stock market. A lot of the middle class in Upstate NY are boomer retirees, and when the stock market goes down, they get nervous and cut back on renovation and building. My husband is a carpenter.The Upstate New York economy is one of the worst in the country. That s why it s a good place to resettle refugees.After the second time my husband lost his job, I applied for food stamps for the family. When I moved back home I had tried to find a job as a lawyer, I could not. I finally found a job processing letters of credit for an investment bank. My salary was $27,000 a year. I actually got paid an extra $2,000 higher than starting salary for my translation skills. After I had my second child, most of my pay after taxes would have gone to childcare. The New York State tax system penalizes low-income people who work. So I stayed home. My parents helped us with bills.So my husband was unemployed, I was unemployed, we have four children, we certainly qualified for food stamps, and I felt stupid and irresponsible for not applying when we qualified for them, so I applied. The local Department of Social Services does not answer their phone. You can go there and wait in line. It is a very very long line, and a very uncomfortable place to be. By tacit agreement, the white people stick together in the waiting area. The Department of Social Services rejected my application several times without reason. I knew we qualified, so it became for me this bureaucratic challenge that I had to vanquish. It took a lot of wrangling and some certified sign-for-delivery mailings which were expensive. I managed to get us a month of food stamps. It was about $50 a week, I think, for a family of six. I don t know if that s average or not.Want to know why my application was rejected several times even though we qualified? Want to know why it was so difficult to get food stamps? The Department of Social Services in my area is swamped because of the refugees. 25% of the city are refugees. Virtually all of the refugees are on welfare. And when they apply for welfare, they don t do so as an independent entity, as I did. They go through their refugee resettlement agency who deals with the Department of Social Services for them. So basically Americans get the short shrift, and refugees get taken care of. And that s America. This is why so many Democrats voted for Trump. Americans are getting squeezed out by non-Americans at multiple levels.What else to tell you?New York State sued our local school districhttps://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/18/nyregion/new-york-state-accuses-utica-school-district-of-bias-against-refugees.html?_r=1t for trying to separate teenage refugees from the rest of the students. I went to a CLE where I sat next to a lawyer for the school district, and she was freaking out over this lawsuit. She was like, The state is coming after us, and we don t have any money. My county is a Democrat county, and Trump won my county. Issues like this are why. Americans can see that they are being forced to accommodate non-Americans to their own detriment and expense.There is TB in Utica. I m sure there is more than reported. Obama stopped screening foreigners for TB, which America has been doing since before the days of Ellis Island, and the refugees are from places where TB is endemic. Whenever I was in a hospital- when I gave birth or when I went to the ER- I would be very aware of my surroundings.The local Walmart is full of headscarves and burkas. I cried when I went into my first Walmart in North Carolina and all I saw were Americans.The nice lady who asked me to give a talk a couple months ago on my hometown asked me if there were any refugees who were an  asset to the community . I replied that they do not consider themselves part of your community, so if they are going to be an asset to any community, it is not going to be yours.I hope I ve presented an idea of why I m so opposed to refugee resettlement. I couldn t write this blog post where I m from. I d be scared that someone would target my house. I d be scared of the authorities. I had to wait to get to higher ground to speak more openly.North Carolina is like Heaven. People are so much happier here. I thank God every day we got here. I consider it a  free zone , and I want it to stay free.Please also check out my other blog post on Utica, NY. I wrote it after my husband and I drove into the city on a random Sunday and saw about a dozen refugees (all women, and you know there had to be men as well, who just weren t present at the time) moving into renovated housing. This is in an area where low-income Americans, white and black, languish in subpar housing. A lot went on under the Obama Administration. And I doubt a lot of it was on the books. ",politics,"Jun 11, 2017",0
Kenyan election head: No guarantee vote will be free and fair,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The head of Kenya s election commission said on Wednesday he could not guarantee next week s presidential election will be free and fair, citing interference from politicians and threats of violence against his colleagues. Wafula Chebukati s statement came hours after another commission member resigned and left the country, saying she and her staff had been repeatedly threatened.  Ironically, the very people, political leaders, who are supposed to build the nation have become the greatest threat to the peace and stability of the nation,  Chebukati told journalists. The Oct. 26 poll is the re-run of an election that took place in August, where incumbent president Uhuru Kenyatta s victory was nullified on procedural grounds. But the run-up to the new poll has been fraught, particularly since Kenyatta s main challenger, opposition leader Raila Odinga, pulled out, alleging a failure to improve the oversight of the election. Odinga has called nearly daily protests against the poll and the election commission, pushing East Africa s largest economy - a stable Western ally in a chaotic region - deeper into turmoil. Kenyatta on Wednesday restated his commitment to the poll, but Odinga called for a mass protest on election day - raising the prospect of confrontations between protesters and voters.   Demonstrations will continue. October 26 will be the biggest demonstration of them all,  Odinga told a crowd of several thousand cheering supporters in Nairobi.  Commission head Chebukati said technical preparations for the new poll were on course, but his attempts to make  critical changes , notably to staff, had been defeated by a majority of commissioners. He said he been pressured to resign, without giving further details.  Under such conditions, it is difficult to guarantee a free fair and credible election,  Chebukati said.  We cannot move forward with a divided commission.  Election staff attending training sessions in some opposition strongholds were attacked this week, police said.  A senior Western diplomat in Nairobi condemned the attacks, saying of Odinga:  There is growing frustration among Western diplomats that a man who stood for democracy ... is essentially in charge of a movement trying to sabotage an election.    There is thuggery going on ... People who incite violence will be held accountable,  the diplomat told Reuters.  Roselyn Akombe, another of the board s eight members, flew to New York and issued a statement dated Tuesday, saying  the commission has become a party to the current crisis  and was  under siege .  She said commissioners were serving partisan interests, and legal advice was being skewed for political reasons. Akombe urged Kenyans to remember the violence that followed a disputed 2007 poll, when more than 1,200 people were killed. She told BBC radio she fled after receiving threats from both sides. A week before the August poll, the election commission s head of IT was found tortured and murdered in Nairobi, raising fears of a possible hack of the commission s computer systems. At least 37 people have died in violence since the August vote, including four killed in confrontations between police and protesters in the past week.  The uncertainty over the vote has affected financial markets: the central bank sold dollars in the foreign exchange market after the Kenyan shilling weakened on news of Akombe s resignation. [nL8N1MT1F5]  Central bank governor Patrick Njoroge told Reuters on Thursday that the government was revising its 2017 economic growth forecast downwards amid high political uncertainty. [L8N1MT4FJ] Last month, Kenya cut its growth forecast to 5.5 percent from 5.9 percent. Kenyan law requires that the new election be held within 60 days of the Sept. 1 decision by the Supreme Court to cancel the results of the original vote, but Odinga says his withdrawal should trigger a new, 90-day election cycle. In withdrawing his candidacy last week, Odinga said the election board had not carried out reforms, including firing of key officials who he blames for mistakes in the Aug. 8 vote. But Kenyatta said in a televised speech on Wednesday:  We walk towards the declared date of the 26th of October both as a God-fearing leadership and government.   The ruling party has used its parliamentary majority to pass amendments to the electoral law curtailing the grounds on which the Supreme Court can nullify an election. Kenyatta has not yet signed the amendments after heavy international criticism.  The election board says it has conducted some reforms and the vote will go ahead with Odinga on the ballot. This week, police raided homes belonging to wealthy opposition financier Jimi Wanjigi and said they had found a cache of weapons. Wanjigi said in an emotional interview that the firearms were licensed and that he was being persecuted.  On Tuesday, Deputy President William Ruto said Odinga had pulled out of the race to avoid a  humiliating defeat . Tweeting on Wednesday, Ruto criticised the election board head s comments:  Chebukati should stop lecturing us and oversee the elections.  Efforts by diplomats, religious leaders and civil society leaders have so far failed to bridge the divide. ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
"An OBAMA “LOW LEVEL OFFENDER” Gets Early Release From Prison: Brutally Murders Woman, Slits Throats of 7, 10 Yr Old Daughters","According to the mother of the 35 year old murdered woman, this maggot had tried to murder her before. But in Obama s eyes he didn t present any danger to the community. Hmmm I wonder if those were his two girls if he might feel differently?Obama s early release program is going to work as expected. A cocaine dealer who received early release murdered his ex-girlfriend and her two children. He now faces the death penalty.Criminals already plea down their cases and now thanks to Obama they get to plea and plea again.Wendell Callahan, 35, murdered Erveena Hammonds, 32, Anaesia Green, 10, and Breya Hammonds, 7.He slaughtered them, stabbed them brutally in their home in Columbus, Ohio in January.Once sentenced to 12 1/2 years, he had 4 years shaved off his sentence in two guideline changes.He also stabbed Hammonds current boyfriend Curtis Miller who showed up while Callahan was still in the apartment. Callahan was stabbed himself in the fight with MillerCallahan s mother said no one has talked to her son about what happened since he is in the hospital. Typical enabling mother and we have an enabling president.There were many witnesses and the children  throats were slit. They were in the first and fifth grades.In 2006, he tried to call her. Hammonds said that he had beaten and choked her so severely that she thought he  would have killed her if (a) good Samaritan didn t pass by. But he was good in prison and presented no threat to the public. He s one of those low level offenders Obama wants free to roam our streets.No threat? He tried to kill her in 2006!Callahan s idiotic mother said,His mother, however, said the murder accusations were out of character. He wouldn t do that to her and her kids,  she said.She raised a sociopath by making excuses for him.Via: Independent Sentinel",left-news,"Mar 4, 2016",0
German police check more suspicious parcels after Potsdam explosive package,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police on Monday investigated further suspicious mail packages found around the country as they tried to catch an extortionist who sent a defective parcel bomb to a pharmacy in the city of Potsdam last week. That package, which contained powerful firecrackers, wires and nails and did not explode, was found to be a criminal extortion attempt against logistics firm DHL rather than  terrorism,  German authorities said on Sunday.  DHL, owned by Deutsche Post, warned its clients on Monday that other suspect packages could arrive through its service among millions of parcels sent in the holiday season. The company said it would not change its postal secrecy principle to control the content of packages. More suspicious packages were reported to authorities around Germany - one, which German media suspected contained a grenade, was sent to the state chancellery in the eastern region of Thuringia but police found only rolled-up catalogues inside it. Police in the eastern state of Brandenburg, where Potsdam is located, said they checked 10 suspicious packages on Monday but gave the all-clear for all of those parcels. The police said a special team investigating the Potsdam pharmacy package was doubled to over 50 officials and they were searching for the extortionist. ",worldnews,"December 4, 2017 ",1
PM praises Italy's migrant policy as U.N. cites humanitarian crisis,"ROME (Reuters) - Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Wednesday that Italy was a model for Europe on how to reduce migrant arrivals, a day after U.N. agencies said its policies had trapped tens of thousands of people in dire conditions in Libya.  Italy is proud to be a good example on the issue of migrants,  Gentiloni told parliament before attending a meeting of European Union leaders where immigration policy will be discussed in Brussels on Thursday and Friday.  We have reduced the number of people dying at sea and the number of irregular-migrant arrivals,  he said. Sea arrivals to Italy and deaths recorded in the Central Mediterranean are down by a quarter so far this year. On Wednesday, EU border agency Frontex said September arrivals dropped by two thirds versus a year earlier. After more than 600,000 arrivals from North Africa   mostly Libya   in less than four years, Italy trained and equipped the Libyan coast guard, and an Italian navy ship is in Tripoli s port to repair vessels used to turn back migrant boats.     With a national election due in the spring, Rome has promised tens of millions of euros to Tripoli and to local authorities to help them shut down people smuggling. The European Union has left Italy largely on its own to deal with Libya, where there are hundreds of armed militias and two rival governments vying for power six years after the ouster of  Muammar Gaddafi. More than 20,000 migrants have been trapped in farms, houses and warehouses around Sabratha, the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) estimates, in a situation of  human suffering and abuse on a shocking scale,  spokesman Andrej Mahecic said on Tuesday.   Amongst the refugees and migrants who suffered abuse at the hands of smugglers, there are pregnant women and new born babies,  Mahecic said.  While Gentiloni said there must be an increase in resources  for the migrants in Libyan camps, he added that Italy s success in reducing migrant arrivals was  very positive . The United Nations, on the other hand, is calling for Europe to create safe and legal pathways to Europe for refugees and migrants so that they will not try to reach Europe by making the dangerous journey through Libya. ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
New Zealand's ruling party ahead after poll but kingmaker in no rush to decide,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of New Zealand s main parties prepared on Sunday to start talks with Winston Peters, the leader of a nationalist party who emerged as kingmaker after an inconclusive general election, but Peters indicated he was in no rush to pick a side. Prime Minister Bill English s National Party won the largest number of votes in Saturday s general election, securing a comfortable margin over the Labour opposition after what had shaped as one of the closest votes in recent history. But it was Peters and his often controversial New Zealand First Party who emerged in a position of power, with both National and Labour needing his support to form a government under New Zealand s proportional representation system. The National Party, which has been in power for a decade, secured 46 percent of the vote, while Labour had 35.8 percent and New Zealand First 7.5 percent. A final tally, including overseas votes, will be released on Oct. 7. The results so far secured 58 seats for National in the 120-seat parliament and 45 for Labour. New Zealand First has nine seats and the Green Party has seven. Labour and the Greens already have a working agreement, with Labour leader Jacinda Ardern potentially in a position to form a coalition government with 61 seats if she wins Peters  support - the bare minimum needed. Peters, who has served in previous Labour and National governments, appeared to be in no hurry. He told reporters on Sunday he had not yet received any calls from National or Labour, and had not contacted them. The colourful populist, a rugby-loving former foreign minister, has in the past backed the party that won the most votes but said he was discussing options with members of his own party first.  I m doing it one-by-one by phone,  said Peters, a lawyer of indigenous Maori and Scottish descent. Asked how long it might be before he made a decision, Peters said:  How long before I pick you up and throw you into the water over there?  Ardern, a charismatic 37-year-old, revived her party s flagging fortunes after only taking over as leader in August but fell far short of what early opinion polls suggested could have been a stunning turnaround. She said it would be hard to complete coalition talks until all votes were tallied. Speaking outside her home in Auckland on Sunday, she said her centre-left party would not concede until  we are sure that a stable government has been formed . English said he would proceed with negotiations with New Zealand First.  The shortest path to stable government is a two-party coalition between National and New Zealand First,  English told a news conference. Analysts saw English and his National Party as the clear favorites.  I think it s fairly obvious that it will be a National-New Zealand First government,  said Grant Duncan, associate professor at Massey University. National and Labour were both expected to maintain a policy of fiscal prudence if they form the next government, although they differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration.  That would likely have implications for the New Zealand dollar, the world s 11th most-traded currency. The currency had tended to rise when National rose in the pre-election polls.  Clearly when we open on Monday morning we re at the moment no better off   it s either going to be Labour or National leading the country,  Stuart Ive, a Wellington-based dealer at OM Financial, said on Sunday. Peters has been in parliament since 1978 and was a member of the National Party until he formed New Zealand First in 1993. He was first cast as kingmaker in 1996, when he famously put off coalition talks the day after the election to go fishing. He has often expressed views, such as opposing Chinese migration, that have been criticized as xenophobic. His policies consistently center around tight immigration controls and reduced taxation. (Click tmsnrt.rs/2joJZGV for a graphic on 'New Zealand parliamentary elections') (Click tmsnrt.rs/2faMawe for a graphic on 'New Zealand markets react to opinion polls') ",worldnews,"September 23, 2017 ",1
"Once on the outside, conservative Koch network warms to Trump","COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - At a glitzy weekend gathering of donors to the powerful Koch brothers’ network, much of the talk was about the conservative political group’s criticism of the healthcare bill moving through the U.S. Senate. That opposition suggests billionaires Charles and David Koch, powerful players in Republican politics, remain at odds at least on some key issues with President Donald Trump, whose campaign last year they refused to back. But beyond healthcare, the Kochs and their operatives have welcomed much of the fledgling administration’s actions, including efforts to roll back federal regulations, the decision to pull out of the Paris global climate accord, a Veterans Administration reform bill and the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Koch officials say their network has better access to the Trump administration than they expected given past frictions, partly because former Koch operatives have been hired in key administration jobs. “Overall, we’ve made tremendous progress on the federal level that we haven’t been able to make in the last 10 years,” said James Davis, a spokesman for Freedom Partners, a Koch-backed advocacy group. Vice President Mike Pence has played a key role, meeting privately with Charles Koch on Friday, as well as Marc Short, a former member of the Koch network who is now Trump’s point man in Congress.  Charles Koch, addressing more than 400 supporters gathered at The Broadmoor luxury resort in Colorado for the event, touted the progress the organization is making, particularly since the 2016 election. “When I look at where we are — at the size and effectiveness of this network — I’m blown away,” he said. “I’m more optimistic now than ever.” The Koch brothers have been a force in American politics since the 1980s. Their influence has largely been powered by a fortune centered on Koch Industries, the second-largest privately held company in the United States with annual revenues of more than $115 billion from interests in energy, chemicals and other sectors.  Both Trump and the Koch network have incentives to build warmer ties. The Kochs could end up spending hundreds of millions to preserve the Republican majority in Congress during next year’s midterm elections. Attendees to the weekend meeting had to donate at least $100,000 to be invited. Koch-funded groups such as Freedom Partners could also help build support among conservative activists for tax reform and other Trump administration agenda items. During the 2016 campaign, the Kochs kept their distance from Trump. Charles Koch spoke out against Trump’s proposed Muslim registry, invoking a comparison to Nazi Germany. The network did not actively work to defeat Trump during the Republican primary. But when he secured the nomination, the group did not spend money backing him or criticizing Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. By contrast, the Koch network spent more than $120 million in the 2012 election to defeat President Barack Obama.     For his part, Trump lumped the Kochs in with other special-interest groups, boasting that he did not need their money and that they could not influence him. But the Koch network began showing its clout in the spring when it worked with the White House to push the House of Representatives healthcare bill in a more conservative direction.     Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity, a Koch advocacy group, teamed with Pence and Short, Trump’s legislative affairs director, to help get the measure through the House.     Pence is viewed as a trusted friend of the Koch network, dating to his time as a congressman.     At the meeting with Charles Koch on Friday they discussed healthcare and tax reform, Phillips and other Koch aides said.      Short is a former Pence aide and Koch alumni, having run the Koch political organization that became Freedom Partners. Stephen Ford, a speechwriter for Pence, has worked for Freedom Partners.     Koch operatives were encouraged when the White House recently cooled to the idea of a tax on imports, the so-called “border adjustment tax” advocated by House Speaker Paul Ryan.     Americans for Prosperity and Freedom Partners mounted a media and public-pressure campaign against the border tax. Phillips has met with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on the issue. Mnuchin’s chief of staff, Eli Miller, served as the Ohio director of AFP.     Mnuchin has since come out against the tax in meetings with members of Congress, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina said at the donor retreat.     On the veterans bill, Koch group Concerned Veterans of America was able to work with one of their own. Darin Selnick, a former senior adviser to that group, is now a top aide to Trump’s Secretary of Veterans Affairs David Shulkin.     That group is working with the White House on the more than 130 federal judicial vacancies Trump must fill, partnering with conservative legal advocate Leonard Leo, who has become a trusted Trump adviser on the issue.     Leo joined Charles Koch on stage at a donor event on Saturday night. A Koch group,  Concerned Veterans of America, mounted a grassroots campaign to secure Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation to the Supreme Court.     Yet some stark policy differences remain between the Kochs and the Trump administration.     The Kochs, who are proponents of criminal justice reform, are frustrated with the Department of Justice’s effort to crack down on low-level drug offenders. They also disagree with Trump’s hardline immigration stance.     Asked about the Koch network’s successes, a White House aide did not expressly address the network’s goals, but said Trump “has already made tremendous progress toward making our country prosperous and safe again.”     In interviews with attendees at the donor summit, opinions on Trump were mixed, but even some critics found reason to praise the administration. Several mentioned Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, an advocate of charter schools and vouchers.     Other attendees were effusive in their praise of Trump’s actions so far.     “He’s walks the walk,” said Al Hartman, CEO of a property management firm in Houston. “He’s doing exactly what everyone wants done.” ",politicsNews,"June 27, 2017 ",1
Thai junta tells Japan investors $45-billion development plan to go ahead,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A $45-billion plan to redevelop Thailand s industrial east will go ahead regardless of whoever takes power after elections, the military government told hundreds of Japanese investors on Monday. The ruling junta, faced with weak exports and sluggish domestic demand, has focused on promoting investment to help revive growth in Southeast Asia s second-largest economy, which lags regional peers. The military government hopes the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) development project, worth 1.5 trillion baht ($45 billion), will lift growth to about 5 percent a year by 2020, from the latest government estimate of 3.5 for 2017.  Regardless of which government is in office, or when the election will be held, the EEC plan will continue, with certainty,  Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha told a gathering of 570 investors flown in from Japan.   It is law, an act embedded within the 20-year national strategy, and supported by the national development plans.  The junta has branded its 20-year strategy a guide for policymaking long after elections expected next year, at the earliest. The strategy has fueled concern among critics that the army plans to cement its grip on power, whoever wins an election. Japan was Thailand s biggest investor in 2016 with more than 57 billion baht ($1.7 billion), most of it going into the automobile industry. Thailand, known as the  Detroit of Asia,  is a regional base for some of the world s top carmakers, such as Toyota Motor Co. The government now wants to establish its own equivalent of Silicon Valley in the EEC.   The digital innovation created there can go into supporting the automotive industry,  Pichet Durongkaveroj, the Minister of Digital Economy, told Reuters.  We aim to be a manufacturing hub for electric vehicles.  ",worldnews,"September 11, 2017 ",1
HILLARY OWNS THIS! How Clinton Brought Black African Slavery to Libya [Video],"Even more reason to  believe it s a good thing Hillary Clinton isn t formulating U.S. foreign policy:Footage from Libya recently released showed young men from sub-Saharan Africa being auctioned off as farm workers in slave markets Yes, slave markets! Horrible! Eight hundred,  says the auctioneer.  900   1,000   1,100   Sold. For 1,200 Libyan dinars   the equivalent of $800. Not a used car, a piece of land, or an item of furniture. Not  merchandise  at all, but two human beings.One of the unidentified men being sold in the grainy cell phone video obtained by CNN is Nigerian. He appears to be in his twenties and is wearing a pale shirt and sweatpants.He has been offered up for sale as one of a group of  big strong boys for farm work,  according to the auctioneer, who remains off camera. Only his hand   resting proprietorially on the man s shoulder is visible in the brief clip.  After seeing footage of this slave auction, CNN worked to verify its authenticity and traveled to Libya to investigate further.Carrying concealed cameras into a property outside the capital of Tripoli last month, we witness a dozen people go  under the hammer  in the space of six or seven minutes.   Does anybody need a digger? This is a digger, a big strong man, he ll dig,  the salesman, dressed in camouflage gear, says.  What am I bid, what am I bid?   Buyers raise their hands as the price rises,  500, 550, 600, 650   Within minutes it is all over and the men, utterly resigned to their fate, are being handed over to their new  masters. And how did we get to this point? As the BBC reported back in May,  Libya has been beset by chaos since NATO-backed forces overthrew long-serving ruler Col. Moammar Gadhafi in October 2011. And who was behind that overthrow? None other than then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.You broke it, Hillary. You own it.Bush 43 had a deal with Gadhafi, according to which the dictator abandoned his weapons of mass destruction in return for not getting deposed. Obama and Hillary reneged on the deal, resulting in the creation of an ISIS/al Qaeda terrorist wonderland in a country that had been neutralized; a flood of largely unassimilable refugees into Europe; America becoming established in the international mind as untrustworthy, so that other dictators will be unlikely to follow Gadhafi s lead and give up nuclear/biological weapons programs peaceably; and black African slavery.On the positive side, it gave Hillary a chance to laugh merrily as she let loose with this zinger:Libyans importing slaves from south of the Sahara and the chaos in the Middle East is on Hillary.Via: moonbattery",politics,"Nov 30, 2017",0
"As Catalan vote looms, jailed leader offers olive branch to Spain","MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - The jailed leader of Catalonia s main pro-independence party has backed away from demands for unilateral secession from Spain, days before a regional election that polls suggest will produce a hung parliament. The independence drive has tipped Spain into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy in the 1970s, dividing opinion in the region, denting an economic rebound and prompting a business exodus to other parts of the country. In reply to written questions from Reuters passed to him in prison where he is being held on allegations of rebellion and sedition, Oriol Junqueras struck a conciliatory tone. He wrote that he would continue to pursue independence if he became Catalonia s next president, but also  build bridges and shake hands  with representatives of the Spanish state.  I can assure you that we are democrats before we are separatists and that the aim (of gaining independence) does not always justify the means,  he said in comments that appeared to drop his party s earlier demand for unilateral secession. Junqueras  Esquerra Republicana (Republican Left) party is tipped to become the largest separatist force in parliament in Thursday s ballot, but surveys suggest neither the pro-independence nor the pro-unity camp will win a majority. He was deputy leader of the Catalan government that was sacked in October after the regional assembly unilaterally declared independence following a referendum that central authorities had deemed illegal. Madrid also dissolved the assembly and called fresh elections. The Spanish justice system s actions against the region s leaders has since then hamstrung the pro-independence camp and further muddied the electoral waters before Thursday s vote. Catalonia s ex-president Carles Puigdemont is campaigning from self-imposed exile in Brussels and Junqueras doing so from jail along with several other politicians. It is unclear if many of those likely to be elected will be able to attend parliament.  At separatist rallies across the capital Barcelona in recent days, many supporters appeared to recognize that forcing independence without Spain s consent was no longer an option. Instead, many favored pressuring Madrid into talks and gaining European Union approval for a negotiated split.  We can t continue unilaterally. We might lose more than we would gain,  said Carles Ortega, a 58-year-old consultant, at a rally at a sports center in Barcelona s outskirts that Puigdemont addressed via videolink. Final polls for the election expected to attract a record turnout showed Esquerra running neck-and-neck with pro-unity party Ciudadanos (Citizens), with both far short of the 68 seats needed to hold a majority. Esquerra previously formed a coalition government with Puigdemont s own center-right party, which leads the Junts per Catalunya platform (Together for Catalonia) which is seen coming third in the vote. The key for unionist and separatist factions will be winning over the regional offshoot of anti-austerity party Podemos, which supports unity but wants a referendum. Its leader favors a left-wing alliance across parties that both back and reject independence.  There is a rising risk that pro-independence parties fall a bit short and need to include Podemos and we get a softer push for independence within the institutions,  Peter Ceretti, an analyst at the Economist Intelligence Unit, said. The movement would rumble on, he said, and press Madrid on long-held demands for it to return more of Catalonia s tax revenue and recognize the region as a nation, rather than a nationality, in the Spanish constitution. Many Catalans worry about how the independence drive has obscured all other social issues and could harm the wealthy region s position as Spain s primary driver of economic growth and a magnet for foreign investment. Junqueras said if he was elected regional president he would pay heed to voters who opposed independence.  I would tell them everybody has to be respected and that differences always have to be resolved in a democratic way,  he said. ",worldnews,"December 18, 2017 ",1
"EP 5: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Daniel Faraci – On Trump, Russia, The Media and Neocons","Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad  THIS WEEK: Episode 5 On Trump, Russia, US Media and Neocons  Is the alleged Russia hack  into the US elections real, and did the Russians really help Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton? As Democrats attempt a  soft coup  through the Electoral College, the President-Elect s Transition Team tries to fill its new Cabinet, while familiar old hawks are circling Trump Tower. Over in the Middle East, developments in Aleppo are sending ripple effects back to Washington, as President Obama renews his commitment to arm  moderate  militants currently running amok in Syria. Back in Washington, Tulsi Gabbard introduces a historic bill on the House floor.All this and more, as host Patrick Henningsen talks to special guest and political consultant Daniel Faraci, a Washington DC-based geopolitical analyst, academic and Director of Grassroots Political Consulting. Listen  END 999 Download Link   START 1042 Download Link Download this podcast  END 1042 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.SEE MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",US_News,"December 15, 2016",0
HILLARY’S LAP DOG VA Senator Tim Kaine Calls For VIOLENCE In The Streets To COMBAT TRUMP [VIDEO],"Can anyone imagine a sitting Republican Senator calling for violence or fighting in the streets in opposition to a newly elected Democratic President? On Tuesday Democratic Senator Time Kaine told the Morning Joe in an interview that Democrats need to fight the Trump administration including online and on the streets in addition to  the ballot box.Partial Transcript:MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST  MORNING JOE : So, broad question about the future of the Democratic Party, especially given your firsthand experience with what we ve all been through. There s so much going on here that we clearly see, you know, places where you   we can criticize what the administration is doing, but how does the party rebuild? How do you prevent overreach in a situation like this? How do you prevent a continuation of the bubble in a situation like this, and how does the party reclaim its reach across the country while fighting these battles? SEN. TIM KAINE (D-VA): So, the way we get outside the bubble is we take advantage of this tremendous public outcry against the administration. What we ve got to do is fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box, and now there s the momentum to be able to do this. And we re not afraid of the popular outcry, we re energized by it and that s going to help us do our job and do it better.  -GPListen to faux man Tim Kaine call for fighting on the streets here. Pay special attention to his comment about the  Women s March  that  was organized under a grassroots  label.'  It sounds like Kaine s admitting that it was organized under a grassroots  label  but that it wasn t really grassroots at all. Why didn t he just come out and admit that it was organized by Soros, Obama and Planned Parenthood?We could also add the DNC s California Chair: In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we though Tom Perez was bad: Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this? We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!",politics,"Feb 2, 2017",0
HYSTERICAL VIDEO: SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE DOES CNN,PRETTY FUNNY STUFF-MAKE SURE TO WATCH TO THE END.,left-news,"Apr 5, 2015",0
 Donald Trump Was Tweeting Again Last Night; He’s Furious About The Russian Leaks,"Donald Trump was away for a bit over a week, which seemed to take his mind off the American media. He returned, however, to find a media firestorm over a story that is only getting worse; his son-in-law Jared Kushner is a person of interest in the FBI s investigation into Russian collusion, and the only defense, according to Trump, is that the media is  fake. It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017Whenever you see the words  sources say  in the fake news media, and they don t mention names .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017Whenever you see the words  sources say  in the fake news media, and they don t mention names .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017 .it is very possible that those sources don t exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017The response is to a story that surfaced on Friday night saying that Kushner may have tried to set up a private channel between Russia and the Trump administration, before Trump took office.The White House was trying to figure out how to respond to reports that Mr. Kushner had spoken in December with Russia s ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, about establishing a secret channel between his father-in-law s transition team and Moscow to discuss the war in Syria and other issues. The Washington Post first reported on the suggestion on Friday, and three people informed about it confirmed it to The New York Times.Source: New York TimesRather than deny the validity of the story, though, Trump, like always attacked the messenger. Yes, the story does attribute anonymous sources, but if you recall, Richard Nixon was taken down by an anonymous source.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",News,"May 28, 2017",0
SOCIOPATHIC LIAR: Hillary Hid SERIOUS Health Issues From Public In 1998 And Again In 2003,"In the end it really all comes down to character. Who can you trust? Who will look at you with a straight face and tell you what you want to hear, and who will tell you the truth even when it s not popular? It s clearly a rhetorical question and one that every voter in America should be asking themselves before risking the security of our nation under the leadership of a self-serving sociopathic liar SOCIOPATHIC LIAR: Most people have lied in their life. Whether it was to protect feelings, avoid trouble, impress, or to simply get what they want, not many people can say they have never told a lie.However, there is one extreme type of liar that you should beware of; the sociopathic liar.On first impressions, you may find you actually like or are drawn to the sociopath. It s not surprising as more often than not they are indeed charming and likable. Watch out, these type of liars can cause untold damage and mayhem once they lead you into their web of lies and deceit.Sociopaths lie the most because they are incapable of feelings and do not want to understand the impact of their lies. They may even get a thrill out of lying at your expense. Once they tell an initial lie they go on to tell many more lies in an attempt to cover up the lies they started, or just for the  fun  of it.A sociopath rarely reveals his or her feelings or emotions. You won t often hear them laugh, cry, or get angry. These kinds of liars tend to live in their own little world and always find ways to justify their dishonest deeds. They do not respect others and place their own needs first and foremost.If someone questions the sociopath s lies they can be incredibly devious in the way they cover things up. This can include placing the blame at someone else s door or by inventing complex stories to cover up their untruths.Sociopaths can be so good at lying that they are able to pass lie detector tests. This means they often escape jail or don t even get prosecuted for the crimes they permit. (That s not to say all sociopathic liars are criminals, of course).Hillary Clinton allowed her staff to mistakenly think that she had a pulled muscle rather than tell them she had a blood clot in 1998.The Democratic Presidential candidate, who was First Lady at the time, did not correct White House staffers when they assumed the problem with her right leg was due to over exercising.According to Clinton s doctor at the time, Connie Mariano,  very few  people knew the truth and her boss refused to take time of the campaign trail for her husband s re-election.Instead a nurse came with her to check on her condition and administer drugs if needed but nobody outside of her Secret Service detail was told who she was.The incident shows that Clinton s habit of choosing secrecy over coming clean has a long history.It would not be until 2003, five years after the blood clot and two years after her husband left office, that Clinton would even disclose it had happened in single paragraph in her memoir.Clinton s health has become an issue during the Presidential election after she nearly collapsed during the 9/11 memorial event at Ground Zero in New York on Sunday.A video shot by a bystander shows the 68-year-old s legs buckling as tries to get into a waiting van.Her campaign team said she was  overheated  but later that on Sunday Clinton s personal doctor revealed she had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days before   but she kept it a secret.During her decades in public life Clinton has suffered a number of health scares and her response to handling them appears to have changed little. Rear Admiral (lower half) Connie Mariano. She revealed Clinton s health secrecy in her memoirsThe first of her three blood clots happened in 1998 whilst she was campaigning for her husband Bill to get his second term as President in the face of possible impeachment over the Lewinsky scandal.According to Mariano, who as a Navy captain and latterly rear admiral (lower half), was the White House doctor for President Clinton, she told his wife that she was  at risk  for a blood clot and insisted on coming to see her on a Saturday. In her memoir The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents, she takes two pages to explain how she told the First Lady:  I m worried about your leg. You ve been out on the campaign trail for some months now, sitting in cars for hours at a time. Within an hour Mariano was examining Clinton s right calf which was  swollen .Marian s initial examination caused her enough worry to insist Clinton go to Bethesda Naval Hospital for an ultrasound. Once they were there and the diagnosis confirmed Mrs Clinton  balked  at the idea of being kept into hospital so they agreed to treat her as an outpatient with blood thinning drugs.The book says:  Hillary was back on the campaign trail within days very few people knew of Hillary s blood clot at the time; she wrote about it after she left the White House.  She did have a pain in her calf but her staff thought she had pulled a muscle exercising. Via: Daily Mail ",left-news,"Sep 16, 2016",0
"Bangladesh to turn island into temporary home for 100,000 Rohingya refugees","DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh approved a $280 million project on Tuesday to develop an isolated and flood-prone island in the Bay of Bengal to temporarily house 100,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in neighbouring Myanmar.     The decision came just days after Bangladesh sealed a deal aiming to start returning Rohingya to Myanmar within two months to reduce pressure in refugee camps.     A Bangladeshi government committee headed by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina approved the plan to develop Bhashan Char island, also known as Thenger Char, despite criticism from humanitarian workers who have said the island is all but uninhabitable. Planning Minister Mustafa Kamal said it would take time to repatriate the refugees, and in the meantime Bangladesh needed a place to house them. The project to house 100,000 refugees on the island would be complete by 2019, he said.      Many Rohingya people are living in dire conditions,  he said, describing the influx of refugees as  a threat to both security and the environment .  More than 620,000 Rohingya Muslims have sought sanctuary in Bangladesh after the military in mostly Buddhist Myanmar launched a harsh counter-insurgency operation in their villages across the northern parts of Rakhine State, following attacks by Rohingya militants on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25. Bangladesh Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali appealed in September for international support to transport Rohingya to the island. There were already about 300,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the most recent exodus. Bangladesh, one of the world s poorest and most crowded nations, plans to develop the island, which emerged from the silt off Bangladesh s delta coast only 11 years ago and is two hours by boat from the nearest settlement.     It regularly floods during the June-September monsoons. When seas are calm, pirates roam the nearby waters to kidnap fishermen for ransom.    A plan to develop the island and use it to house refugees was first proposed in 2015 and revived last year. Despite criticism of the conditions on the island, Bangladesh says it has the right to decide where to shelter the growing numbers of refugees. ",worldnews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
Second U.S. judge blocks Trump administration birth control rules,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A second U.S. judge on Thursday blocked President Donald Trump’s administration from enforcing new rules that undermine an Obamacare requirement for employers to provide insurance that covers women’s birth control. U.S. District Judge Haywood Gilliam Jr. in Oakland, California, said the federal government likely did not follow proper administrative procedures in promulgating the new rules, and put them on hold while a lawsuit challenging their legality proceeds. The decision followed a similar ruling from a federal judge in Philadelphia last Friday that blocked the administration from enforcing rules it announced in October allowing businesses or nonprofits to obtain exemptions on moral or religious grounds. Gilliam ruled on a lawsuit pursued by Democratic attorneys general in California, Delaware, Maryland, New York and Virginia. He said that a preliminary injunction was necessary given the “dire public health and fiscal consequences” that could result as a result of the administration adopting the rules without the input of interested parties. “If the Court ultimately finds in favor of Plaintiffs on the merits, any harm caused in the interim by rescinded contraceptive coverage would not be susceptible to remedy,” he wrote. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said in a statement that, given last week’s decision in Pennsylvania, “today’s ruling amounts to a one-two punch against the Trump administration’s unlawful overreach.” The U.S. Justice Department defended the rules in court.  Lauren Ehrsam, a department spokeswoman, said the agency disagreed with the ruling and was evaluating its next steps. “This administration is committed to defending the religious liberty of all Americans and we look forward to doing so in court,” Ehrsam said in a statement. The lawsuit is among several that Democratic state attorneys general filed after the Republican Trump administration revealed the new rules on Oct. 6, which targeted the contraceptive mandate implemented as part of 2010’s Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. The rules will let businesses or nonprofits lodge religious or moral objections to obtain an exemption from the law’s mandate that employers provide contraceptive coverage in health insurance with no co-payment. Conservative Christian activists and congressional Republicans praised the move, while reproductive rights advocates and Democrats criticized it. ",politicsNews,"December 21, 2017 ",1
Putin complains Russian media abroad face unacceptable pressure,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin told a meeting of Russia s Security Council on Friday that Russian media outlets working abroad were facing growing and unacceptable pressure, Dmitry Peskov, his spokesman, said.  It was stressed that such pressure on Russian media is unacceptable,  Peskov told a conference call with reporters. He did not name the countries where the Kremlin was concerned Russian media were coming under pressure. Earlier this week, the Russian Foreign Ministry accused Washington of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S operations of Kremlin-backed media outlet RT, and warned that Moscow could take tit-for-tat measures. Russia s communications regulator accused U.S. TV channel CNN International of violating Russian media law earlier on Friday and said it had summoned the broadcaster s representatives in connection with the matter. ",worldnews,"September 29, 2017 ",1
Trump keeps politics on his Thanksgiving menu,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump spent the Thanksgiving holiday at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday, dining with his family at the Florida golf club after revisiting a campaign pledge he made about restoring American manufacturing. Trump, known for his use of Twitter to drive political debate, tweeted about an Indiana air conditioner maker he featured in his election campaign as an emblem of trade deals he said were unfavorable to American workers. Trump, who has not been seen in public since arriving in Florida on Tuesday, said he was “working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!” Carrier Corp, a division of United Technologies Corp (UTX.N), responded on Twitter that the company has had “discussions with the incoming administration” but had “nothing to announce at this time.” A representative for the company had no additional comment. Earlier this year, the company said it would move 1,400 jobs to Mexico from Indiana, giving a three-year timetable for the shift. The state’s Republican governor, Mike Pence - later picked by Trump as his vice-presidential running mate - decried the decision, and spoke out against it often on the campaign trail. Trump made Carrier’s decision part of his rallying cry against the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. He said he would slap taxes on the company’s air conditioners shipped back to the United States. Asked by Reuters last week whether the company was reconsidering its decision given Trump’s victory in the Nov. 8 election over Democrat Hillary Clinton, the company said in a statement it was “making every effort” to help its Indiana employees during the shift. “By providing three years advance notice of the move and by funding education and retraining programs for up to four years after the move is complete, we are providing employees with both time and opportunity to help them to make a smooth transition,” the company said. Carrier also cited an agreement it had reached with the United Steelworkers union about compensation for affected workers. Trump’s Thanksgiving comments on Carrier were reminiscent of remarks he tweeted last week about Ford Motor Co (F.N), a company he criticized during the campaign for shifting some production lines to Mexico. When Ford informed Trump it would not shift production of a Lincoln sport utility vehicle to Mexico from Kentucky, he took to Twitter to say he saved the plant, although the company had never considered moving the whole factory south of the border. “I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky,” Trump tweeted, referring to Ford’s executive chairman. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has been interviewing candidates for his Cabinet and other top White House positions. He and Pence have held more than 60 such meetings since the election. He did not announce any new decisions on Thursday. A spokeswoman said he was spending the evening with family members. “They recognize how precious this kind of time is, and look forward to an evening together to celebrate and count their many blessings,” the spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said. They dined in the Mar-a-Lago club, where the menu included a choice of four chilled seafoods, “Mr. Trump’s Wedge Salad,” devilled eggs, traditional turkey and stuffing, lamb, beef and sea bass. Among the eight desserts: “Three Layer Trump Chocolate Cake.” Trump announced two picks on Wednesday for his Cabinet - South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, and wealthy Republican donor and school choice advocate Betsy DeVos to lead the Education Department. Both are subject to Senate confirmation. Major choices for the Pentagon, State Department and Treasury are still to come. Trump’s State Department deliberations have spurred debate within his inner circle - particularly his consideration of Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and businessman who ran against Democratic President Barack Obama in the 2012 election. Romney would be a comforting pick for establishment Republicans. But hardline Trump backers believe he should be disqualified because he called Trump a “fraud” during the Republican nominating race and urged Republicans to stop him from becoming their candidate for the 2016 election. Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s senior adviser, said on Thursday she was on the receiving end of a “deluge of social media & private comms” about the Romney option, noting being “loyal” was a positive attribute for the job. Trump and Pence were “spending significant time” on the secretary of state pick, spokesman Jason Miller told reporters before the Thanksgiving break. “They’ll be looking for things like chemistry, experience, a similar vision into what the president-elect and vice president elect are trying to do with this administration,” Miller said. ",politicsNews,"November 24, 2016 ",1
"#CrookedHillary’s Karma! NEW POLL Shows Trump Takes Lead In BLUE STATES: Michigan, Wisconsin, New Hampshire And Maine","Just think how Trump s polling numbers would look if the media wasn t beating the anti-Trump drum 24/7 and if Hillary was forced to talk to reporters about the rash of new evidence uncovered by conservative media over the past two weeks Ipsos is a top-ranked polling firm   and it is producing a series of state polls showing Donald Trump doing dramatically better than the polls by other trusted polling firms. Those Ipsos state polls show Trump clinching leads in New Hampshire, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Maine.That s really big because President Barack Obama won all those states in 2012. Obama won Wisconsin by 6.7 points, Michigan by 9.5 points, Maine by 15.1 points, and New Hampshire by 5.8 points.The firm s accumulation of state polls, however, still leaves Clinton far ahead of Trump in total electoral votes.The likely difference between Ipsos   which conducts polling for the Reuters news service   and the many other polling firms is their turnout prediction for November. Winning the White House depends as much on who comes out to vote as which candidate Americans prefer. Each week, we poll more than 15,000 people, then factor in likely turnout among key demographics to see how voting would play out in the Electoral College,  according to Ipsos. Currently, Reuters/Ipsos estimates overall turnout at around 60%, although that rate varies among different demographic groups. Minority turnout, for example, is expected to be about 43%, while about 59% of African-American women and 69% of White men are projected to cast ballots,  according to a site run by Reuters and Ipsos.  Breitbart ",left-news,"Sep 2, 2016",0
 Trump To Give HUGE F**K You To States Hillary Won By Taking A Literal Ego Trip,"One of the things that Trump wants to do over the next four years is continue to hold huge rallies for the purpose of stroking his ego. Apparently, that s already getting underway. He s planning to take a  victory lap  around the states he won sometime in the next several weeks, rather than working closely with his transition team to make sure as much is in place as possible before Inauguration Day.This will be a 30-state tour if he plans on visiting every state that voted for him. Since the trip seems to be mostly for the purpose of visiting the states he won, it s hard not to see this as a giant middle finger to the states he lost, even though there are a number of voters in rural areas of blue states like Illinois who voted for him.It doesn t really jibe with his ongoing assertions that he will work every day for ALL Americans (shouldn t he be impossibly eager to get to down to business?). In fact, it doesn t jibe with the idea that he ll do any work at all.The glow of winning a presidential election already seems to be wearing off   he has to continually find ways of feeling superior and getting the instant gratification that these huge, cheering crowds give him. And really, who wants to spend day after day in boring meetings with transitional staffers, members of Congress, security teams, the current President, and more when he can just be  gone  all the time, stroking his ego? While some have spun his need for large rallies full of adoring fans as rubbing shoulders with the everyday American, it just doesn t seem like that s what Trump really wants to do.He has an ego the size of Russia. It s not easy to quiet that, and his staff would rather kowtow to him than try and actually mold him into a real statesman. He publicly admits that his life is going to change drastically, but what he s pushing his advisers and planners to do shows he s going to try and hold onto his old life as much as possible.Will he hold rallies in states he didn t carry? Who knows. He ll promise to, because to do otherwise would be to confirm that some people don t matter, even if they voted for him. Will he actually do it, though? It might actually depend on whether he thinks he can get the huge crowds he wants, which is totally what being president is all about.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",News,"November 17, 2016",0
Snowden Laughs-off CIA Excuse of ‘Mistakenly Destroying’ Secret Torture Report,"21st Century Wire says This week s announcement by the CIA that they somehow  lost  the infamous torture report has failed to impress its critics who are all but certain that the agency has destroyed, or hidden the report in order to protect all who are involved in the illegal and ultimately useless practice of torturing alleged  terrorist  suspects in order to obtain made-up information.I worked @CIA. I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva. When CIA destroys something, it's never a mistake. https://t.co/S1VULfE4NY  Edward Snowden (@Snowden) May 18, 2016RTThe comprehensive Senate torture report could be what was needed to really drive the point home about America s use of torture and its true effectiveness. Word of the document being destroyed emerged despite Justice Department lawyers earlier assuring a federal court there were several copies in existence.The report was said to have been destroyed by the CIA inspector general s office in an  inadvertent  fashion. What was extremely peculiar was the fact that last summer the officials had uploaded a copy onto a computer, then accidentally deleted that. As if that wasn t enough, they have now accidentally destroyed the disk which contained the copy of the report. I worked @CIA. I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva,  Snowden told his millions of global supporters over Twitter.  When the CIA destroys something, it s never a mistake. Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SNOWDEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Snowden Files",Middle-east,"May 20, 2016",0
"EXCLUDING WHITES IS NOT RACIST: Racist, Angry BLM Activist Tells Tucker Carlson It’s Okay To Have “Blacks Only” Celebrations [VIDEO]","After Black Lives Matter hosted a  blacks-only  Memorial Day party, Tucker Carlson asked a BLM supporter why such an event is acceptable.Carlson said the party promoted segregation   the exact thing BLM purports to oppose. I thought the whole point of Black Lives matter was to speak out against singling out people based on race?  Carlson asked political commentator Lisa Durden. Boo-hoo, you white people are angry because you couldn t use your  white privilege  card to get invited to the Black Lives Matter all-black Memorial Day celebration,  Durden said. Carlson asked again why BLM would exclude others based on their race while they protest against such actions.   FOX News",politics,"Jun 6, 2017",0
" EVEN MORE White Nationalists Are Trump Delegates, Report Says","The American Freedom Party (AFP), a third-way, white nationalist fascist party, is claiming members of its organization are Trump delegates. Last week, William Johnson, an attorney and delegate to Trump, was outed as the president of the AFP white nationalist and subsequently resigned his position.Mother Jones, who broke the story on Johnson, obtained a screenshot of a quickly deleted Facebook post from the AFP highlighting the breaking story, in which a commenter says,  Mother Jones? This page is liberal nonsense.  The AFP then commented,  Of course they are but here is what they don t know: we have more delegates. Johnson told Mother Jones that he himself knows of one other AFP member being selected by a state party to attend the RNC, and that he is an honorary delegate but kept his identity secret:Johnson said there are additional white nationalist Trump delegates who have been in touch with movement leaders, though  I don t actually know who they are. There are people who are surreptitious,  he said. Right now people are still a little bit afraid because they will have the same reaction that happened to me,  Johnson explained.  We just have to give it a few more months before people feel comfortable. With Trump garnering 1,161 delegates (so far), there s no telling how many of them are affiliated with the AFP or any other white nationalist association. Seeing as though one delegate has been outed as a white nationalist and another a pedophile, the public should expect more  comfortable  bigots and weirdos to be outed. So far, according to Johnson, there are at least a handful or more white nationalists picking the candidate for a major party candidate.After Mother Jones broke the story on this, Rachel Maddow got hold of it, further spotlighting that the Trump campaign may actually be filled with even more racist bigots than previously thought.More Trump supporters are doing their part to  Make America Great Again. Featured image via Ramin Talaie/Getty Images",News,"May 20, 2016",0
 Bill O’Reilly Makes Sexist Attack On Andrea Mitchell; Her Response Was PERFECT (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, NBC s Andrea Mitchell was notably escorted out of a press conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson after daring to ask questions about Russia.Mitchell tried to get a few pressing answers from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. She asked: Can you respond to the threats from China? Can you be sure the Trump administration will be strong against Vladimir Putin? Can you assure us that Russia will not be able to move further in Ukraine? You can then see Mitchell grabbed by the arms and escorted out while saying: We haven t had any time in here. Just for doing her job.Here s that video:You guys. This happened today.This is why we   Andrea @mitchellreports. There is nobody more dogged, more tenacious. The best. pic.twitter.com/uINDWmOYEM  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 7, 2017Bill O Reilly, who gives Donald Trump a run for his money when it comes to misogyny, chose Wednesday, the International Day of Women, to make a sexist attack on Mitchell, calling her  unruly. And, a hashtag was born:Irony: Misogyny gives feminism another hashtag   #unruly MSNBC host uses O Reilly Twitter insult to close her show https://t.co/3oEUIdCzq9  Pitt Griffin (@pittgriffin) March 8, 2017Where a woman doing her job is #Unruly (ht: @rezaaslan ) @justin_kanew @KamalaHarris @SenCortezMasto @mitatweets @BetteMidler @SusanSarandon https://t.co/duMInBL2r5  Joan (@pir8z40) March 8, 2017@AdamSerwer OMG, the gall of Andrea Mitchell trying to do some actual journalism. #unruly #shadesofSamDonaldson  Tim Sullivan (@TimSullivan11) March 8, 2017Some reminded O Reilly of his own past:#unruly huh? @oreillyfactor you still trying to sexually woo women with falafel in the shower?? Is that why your wife left you for that cop?  gene williams (@HOTHUMMUS) March 8, 2017@oreillyfactor We re your kids unruly? That why you beat them? #persistence #unruly #womensday2017  NNBB12 (@GinDot12) March 8, 2017MUST WATCH: So @oreillyfactor said @mitchellreports was  unruly  cause she dared to ask Tillerson some questions. Take a look at this  pic.twitter.com/cSywK35AbF  Yashar (@yashar) March 8, 2017But the best response came from Mitchell, who ended her show on Wednesday by saying,  And that does it for this UNRULY edition of Andrea @MitchellReports. And that does it for this UNRULY edition of Andrea @MitchellReports  [mic drop] pic.twitter.com/mS19gAdUDq  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 8, 2017From unruly women everywhere, we thank you, Ms. Mitchell.Featured image of Bill O Reilly via Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images | Featured image of Andrea Mitchell via Leigh Vogel/Getty Images.",News,"March 8, 2017",0
SEWER WORKER DIES After Muslim Doctors REFUSE To Help Him,"Such a compassionate faith Bring an 8-year old girl in for a clitorectomy and watch how quickly they sharpen the knives A Pakistani sewer worker died Thursday after doctors refused to treat him due to the fact he was  unclean. Irfan Masih, 30, went unconscious while cleaning a manhole in the city of Umerkot. He was taken to the hospital where he suffocated to death in front of doctors who refused to treat him because he was covered in sewer sludge. The doctors refused to treat him because they were fasting and said my son was  napaak (unclean),  Irshad Masih, the sewer worker s mother, told Pakistan s Express Tribune.Muslims across the world are currently observing the holy month of Ramadan, which requires them to abstain from eating, drinking and sex during daylight hours, but treating the worker does not appear to fall under these rules. Muslim medical professionals across the world frequently work with patients in all sorts of conditions during the holy month. -Daily Caller",politics,"Jun 3, 2017",0
Suu Kyi silence on Myanmar ethnic cleansing charge draws cool response,"NAYPYITAW, Myanmar/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday condemned rights abuses in Rakhine state and said violators would be punished, but she did not address U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing, drawing cool international responses and calls for action to help minority Muslims. Suu Kyi made the remarks in her first address to the nation since attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents on Aug. 25 led to a military response that has forced 421,000 Rohingya Muslims, more than half of them children, into neighboring Bangladesh. Western diplomats and aid officials, hoping for an unequivocal condemnation of violence and hate speech, welcomed the tone of the Nobel Peace laureate s message, but some doubted if she had done enough to deflect global criticism. Long feted in the West as a champion of democracy in the Buddhist-majority country during years of military rule and house arrest, Suu Kyi has faced growing criticism for saying little about abuses faced by the Rohingya.  We condemn all human rights violations and unlawful violence. We are committed to the restoration of peace and stability and rule of law throughout the state,  Suu Kyi said in her address in the capital, Naypyitaw.  Action will be taken against all people, regardless of their religion, race and political position, who go against the law of the land and violate human rights,  she said. In a phone call to Suu Kyi, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson welcomed the Myanmar government s commitment to allow the return of refugees, but urged it to facilitate humanitarian aid to those affected by the violence and to address  deeply troubling  human rights abuse allegations, the State Department said. Britain said it had suspended its military training program in Myanmar and French President Emmanuel Macron condemned  unacceptable ethnic cleaning . He told the annual U.N. General Assembly he would start a U.N. Security Council initiative to ensure humanitarian access and an end to the violence. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the General Assembly:  The authorities in Myanmar must end the military operations, allow unhindered humanitarian access and recognize the right of refugees to return in safety and dignity; and they must also address the grievances of the Rohingya, whose status has been left unresolved for far too long.  A European Union spokeswoman said Suu Kyi s invitation to the diplomatic corps to visit Rakhine was  a step forward,  but added:  Myanmar s leadership needs to show that the democracy they fought so hard for can work for all the people of Myanmar, beyond ethnic, social and religious boundaries.  At the General Assembly, Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari likened the violence in Myanmar to genocides in Bosnia and Rwanda, while Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan cited the international community s failure in Syria.  Unless the tragedy taking place in Myanmar is brought to a halt, humanity will have to live with the shame of another dark stain in its history,  Erdogan said. Twenty-two members of the U.S. Congress wrote to Tillerson calling for a  strong, meaningful  response to the crisis and the head of the influential Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Bob Corker, said Suu Kyi risked  destroying  her reputation as a force for positive change.  She had yet another opportunity today to stand up for the Rohingya minority ... but instead refused to acknowledge the military s role in the ongoing atrocities,  he said. Amnesty International described Suu Kyi s speech as  little more than a mix of untruths and victim-blaming , saying she and her government were  burying their heads in the sand  for ignoring the army s role in the violence. Myanmar s generals remain in full charge of security and Suu Kyi did not comment on the military or its actions, except to say there had been  no armed clashes and there have been no clearance operations  since Sept. 5. Rohingya refugees arriving in Bangladesh have told of soldiers and Buddhist civilians attacking and burning villages as recently as last Friday. It was not possible to verify their accounts. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. The U.N. rights agency said it was  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians. Western governments that backed Suu Kyi s campaign against military rule still see her as the best hope for Myanmar s political and economic transition. But she has to avoid angering the powerful army and alienating supporters by being seen to take the side of a Muslim minority that enjoys little sympathy in a country that has seen a surge of Buddhist nationalism. Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch said satellite images showed about half of all Rohingya villages had been torched and it was time that Suu Kyi, the government and military faced the fact that the security forces  shoot and kill who they want.   Suu Kyi, 72, said her government had been promoting harmony between the Muslim and largely Buddhist ethnic Rakhine communities. But a government official there did not share her optimism.  They have no trust for each other,  the state s secretary, Tin Maung Swe, told Reuters, adding that tensions were high.  The situation is ready to explode.  Suu Kyi said she was committed to recommendations made by the advisory team led by Kofi Annan, a former U.N. secretary-general, which last month suggested a review of a law that links  citizenship and ethnicity and leaves most Rohingya stateless. On the return of refugees, Suu Kyi said Myanmar was ready to start a verification process and  refugees from this country will be accepted without any problem . ",worldnews,"September 19, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: Devin Nunes Makes HUGE announcement About Clinton #UraniumOneDeal [Video],"THANK GOODNESS! Devin Nunes just announced a probe into the Uranium One Deal that smells to high heaven of corruption and money laundering by the Clintons and the Obama administration:BREAKING: Devin Nunes announces probe into the #UraniumOneDeal. pic.twitter.com/c7p9mVdTYa  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) October 24, 2017FBN S LOU DOBBS SPOKE WITH THE AUTHOR OF  CLINTON CASH :  Biggest scandal in the history of American politics While speaking with Peter Schweizer, the author of  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  and Breitbart News senior editor-at-large on Friday, Fox Business Network host Lou Dobbs argued that the Uranium One deal could end up being the biggest scandal in the history of American politics.Dobbs said,  There is no clear statement as to why we would give up, for any reason, any price, 20% of our uranium in this country. And that is a question that is left open still unanswered. and secondly, have you ever heard of anyone putting $145 million, at one moment, into the hands of the Clinton foundation? And the answer is, of course not. These questions, most basic and fundamental, were armed by the very committee made up of the very agencies, departments, and individuals responsible for national security. this, this is the biggest Obama scandal. I think it may well turn out to be the biggest scandal in American political history. ",Government News,"Oct 24, 2017",0
France says it wants Pence to clarify Trump's stance on EU,"MUNICH (Reuters) - France said on Saturday that U.S. Vice President Mike Pence would need to clarify his administration’s stance toward the European Union when he meets officials in Brussels next week, given President Donald Trump’s previous support for Britain’s exit.  Pence is due in the Belgian capital on Monday. “I don’t want to prejudge Vice President Pence’s intentions ... I hope that we will have a clear response, because Donald Trump has said he was overjoyed by Brexit and that there would be others. So we are waiting clarifications.”  ",politicsNews,"February 18, 2017 ",1
HERE’S WHY You Should Boycott The NFL Starting Today…#BoycottNFL," The disgraceful behavior of multi-millionaire NFL players continued last night during the national anthem. Players took a knee while others raised their fist.These pictures are all you need to see to make you boycott the NFL!Squandering the goodwill of fans by doing things like this will be the death of the NFL. Fans of all races support the teams year after year with their hard earned dollars only to see a sideshow of divisiveness like the sideline display above. These players have a job to do and part of that job is to behave like a team. They ve been taught that from pee wee football on up. The old adage that there s no I in TEAM still holds true for football and it should for America. How can we move forward together to make America better if we re so stuck in victimhood. Everyone has their cross to bear and some wrong they wish to right. Every race and culture could reach back and be angry about something. The big question to the black community is when is it time to move on? When will YOU take responsibility for some of the wrongs in your community? Until you do so, your protests will fall on deaf ears. What matters more than your silly protest is the SERIOUS AND VERY REAL issue of black on black crime. It s epidemic yet you ve all but ignored it Why don t you try pointing your finger at yourself for once and GET REAL about what s REALLY wrong in your community.Until then BOYCOTT THE NFL",politics,"Sep 13, 2016",0
EP #11: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Top Trump Trends for 2017’ with guest Gerald Celente,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 11 This week we ll cover some of this week s headline stories including Trump s ascendency to the White House, and what s happened in his first week at the Oval Office.In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Gerald Celente, best selling author and Director of the Trends Research Institute in New York, to discuss the real impact of the 2016 Election and America s new President Donald J. Trump. Listen Listen to  EP 11: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Gerald Celente  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"January 26, 2017",0
WATCH SOLAR ECLIPSE LIVE HERE,"If you don t have the proper glasses to watch the historic solar eclipse today, you can still watch it here LIVE as it happens.From NASA: Solar Eclipse 2017 On August 21, 2017, all of North America will be treated to an eclipse of the sun. Viewers around the world will be provided a wealth of images captured before, during, and after the eclipse by 11 spacecraft, at least three NASA aircraft, more than 50 high-altitude balloons, and the astronauts aboard the International Space Station   each offering a unique vantage point for the celestial event.Watch here:https://t.co/oYED98vQyL  Twitter News (@TwitterNews) August 16, 2017Where Can You See It? You can see a partial eclipse, where the moon covers only a part of the sun, anywhere in North America (see  Who can see it? ). To see a total eclipse, where the moon fully covers the sun for a short few minutes, you must be in the path of totality. The path of totality is a relatively thin ribbon, around 70 miles wide, that will cross the U.S. from West to East. The first point of contact will be at Lincoln Beach, Oregon at 9:05 a.m. PDT. Totality begins there at 10:16 a.m. PDT. Over the next hour and a half, it will cross through Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, and North and South Carolina. The total eclipse will end near Charleston, South Carolina at 2:48 p.m. EDT. From there the lunar shadow leaves the United States at 4:09 EDT. Its longest duration will be near Carbondale, Illinois, where the sun will be completely covered for two minutes and 40 seconds.If you missed the eclipse as it happened, here are a couple of incredible videos that were taken of the eclipse: More of the moon crossing in front of sun in Philly: https://t.co/fKHeCFSNKf #SolarEclipse2017   pic.twitter.com/fjxfUuxOy6  NBC10 Philadelphia (@NBCPhiladelphia) August 21, 2017#SolarEclipse2017 Breathtaking! pic.twitter.com/fvPwGwgn99   smail H. Polat (@ismailhpolat) August 21, 2017",politics,"Aug 21, 2017",0
BRUTAL MEET THE PRESS VIDEO SHOWS HOW HILLARY’S EMBARRASSING E-MAIL ‘STORY’ HAS ‘EVOLVED’,"Ouch! This could have been handled with honesty but they ve really got so much to cover up that it would have been nearly impossible. From Benghazi to The Clinton Foundation  favors , the Dems have a doozy of a mess with Hillary Clinton. ",politics,"Aug 23, 2015",0
"21WIRE.TV Members Newsletter – Sept 9, 2016",21st Century Wire says If you have only recently joined us as a subscriber and member at 21WIRE.TV let me take this opportunity to say THANK YOU for coming on board   your support is helping us to continue building and improving this independent media operation SEE OUR MEMBERS NEWSLETTER & GLOBAL REPORT HERESupport Our Work by Subscribing and Becoming a Member @21WIRE.TV,Middle-east,"September 9, 2016",0
"Yahoo under scrutiny after latest hack, Verizon seeks new deal terms","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc YHOO.O came under renewed scrutiny by federal investigators and lawmakers on Thursday after disclosing the largest known data breach in history, prompting Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) to demand better terms for its planned purchase of Yahoo’s internet business. Shares of the Sunnyvale, California-based internet pioneer fell more than 6 percent after it announced the breach of data belonging to more than 1 billion users late on Wednesday, following another large hack reported in September. Verizon, which agreed to buy Yahoo’s core internet business in July for $4.8 billion, is now trying to persuade Yahoo to amend the terms of the acquisition agreement to reflect the economic damage from the two hacks, according to people familiar with the matter. The U.S. No. 1 wireless carrier still expects to go through with the deal, but is looking for “major concessions” in light of the most recent breach, according to another person familiar with the situation. Asked about the status of the deal, a Yahoo spokesperson said: “We are confident in Yahoo’s value and we continue to work towards integration with Verizon.” Verizon had already said in October it was reviewing the deal after September’s breach disclosure. Late on Wednesday, it said it would “review the impact of this new development before reaching any final conclusions” about whether to proceed.  The company declined to comment beyond that statement on Thursday.  Verizon has threatened to go to court to get out of the deal if it is not repriced, citing a material adverse effect, said the people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. No court in Delaware, where Yahoo is incorporated, has ever found that a material adverse effect has occurred that would allow companies to terminate a merger agreement.  Nevertheless, the threat of a court case on the issue has been successfully used by companies to renegotiate deals, and experts said that some concessions from Yahoo are likely, given the magnitude of the cyber security breaches. Renegotiating the deal’s price tag would be the simplest but also least likely scenario because the impact of the data breaches will not be apparent for some time, according to Erik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.  A more likely concession would be for Yahoo to agree to compensate Verizon after the close of the deal, based on the liabilities that occur. The two companies may also agree to extend the close of the deal to allow for more time for information to come in on the impact of the breaches, Gordon suggested. Verizon shares rose 0.4 percent to close at $51.81, in line with the S&P 500 Index .SPX. Yahoo closed down 6.1 percent at $38.41.  Yahoo said late on Wednesday that it had uncovered a 2013 cyber attack that compromised data of more than 1 billion user accounts, the largest known breach on record.  It said the data stolen may have included names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords and, in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers. The company added that some of its partners were affected. One such partner, Europe’s Sky Plc (SKYB.L), said Yahoo provides email services to its 2.1 million Sky.com email account holders, but it was unclear how many of those accounts were affected.  The announcement followed Yahoo’s disclosure in September of a separate breach that affected over 500 million accounts, which the company said it believed was launched by different hackers.  The White House said on Thursday the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation was probing the breach. Several lawsuits seeking class-action status on behalf of Yahoo shareholders have been filed, or are in the works. Meanwhile, Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia said he was looking into Yahoo’s cyber security practices. “This most-recent revelation warrants a separate follow-up and I plan to press the company on why its cyber defenses have been so weak as to have compromised over a billion users,” he said in a statement. Warner, who will become the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee next year, described the hacks as “deeply troubling.”  New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman urged anyone with a Yahoo account to change their passwords and security questions and said he is examining the breach’s circumstances and the company’s disclosures to law enforcement.  Germany’s cyber security authority, the Federal Office for Information Security (BSI), advised German consumers to consider switching to safer alternatives for email, and criticized Yahoo for failing to adopt modern encryption techniques to protect users’ personal data. “Considering the repeated cases of data theft, users should look more closely at which services they want to use in the future and security should play a part in that decision,” BSI President Arne Schoenbohm said in a statement. The latest breach drew widespread criticism from security experts, several advising consumers to close their Yahoo accounts. “Yahoo has fallen down on security in so many ways I have to recommend that if you have an active Yahoo email account, either direct with Yahoo of via a partner like AT&T, get rid of it,” Stu Sjouwerman, chief executive of cyber security firm KnowBe4 Inc, said in a broadly distributed email.  A Yahoo spokesperson, in response to criticism of the company’s security measures, said on Thursday: “We’re committed to keeping our users secure, both by continuously striving to stay ahead of ever-evolving online threats and to keep our users and platforms secure.”  ",politicsNews,"December 15, 2016 ",1
Chinese Media Warns of ‘War’ with US Following Tillerson’s Remarks South China Sea," 21st Century Wire says During yesterday s cabinet confirmation hearing in Washington DC, hawkish comments made by President-Elect Trump s Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson were very pleasing to pro-war Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham. Not so for Chinese war hawks Tillerson s remarks referred to the 3,000 acres of reclaimed land in the South China Sea in the Spratly Island chain, presumably for use by the Chinese Navy, but also as a shipping resource. China denies the new facilities will restrict freedom of movement for any international shipping.It s important to note that there is a tremendous amount of pressure being put to bear on the incoming Trump Administration by neoconservatives and perpetual war advocates like McCain, Graham, Tom Cotton, Marco Rubio and others. This relentless pressure appeared to affect Tillerson during yesterday s hearings.In response, a Chinese Communist Party publication penned a scathing OpEd in response to Tillerson s comments .Telegraphlocking Chinese access to islands in the South China Sea would require the US to  wage war , an influential Chinese state-run tabloid said on Friday, after US Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson suggested the strategy on Wednesday. The media salvo from China is the latest sign of increased tensions between the countries since President-elect Donald Trump accepted a telephone call from Taiwan s leader, Tsai Ing-wen.Mr Tillerson told his confirmation hearing before the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee that he wanted to send a signal to China that their access to islands in the disputed South China Sea  is not going to be allowed . He did not elaborate.The United States would have to  wage a large-scale war  in the South China Sea to prevent Chinese access to the islands, the Global Times said in an English language editorial.[ ] Tillerson had better bone up on nuclear power strategies if he wants to force a big nuclear power to withdraw from its own territories,  the paper added Continue this story at The TelegraphREAD MORE CHINA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire China FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"January 13, 2017",0
"Xi says China to be more open, transparent to foreign companies including America's","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday China will be more open and transparent to foreign companies, including those from the United States.  U.S. companies are also welcome to take part in China’s Belt and Road initiative, Xi told a briefing in Beijing after talks with U.S. President Donald Trump. China’s door to the world will only open wider, he said. ",politicsNews,"November 9, 2017 ",1
We need a ‘one pager’ tax form – Wilbur Ross on Tax Reform [Video],"Wilbur Ross spoke with WaPo about  true  tax reform He did a great job explaining his position on simplifying and cutting taxes. He said the W2 should be a  one pager . He believes it takes entirely too long for the average employee to do taxes We say Amen to that!If Congress doesn t get in the way, tax cuts and simplification are a possibility. Ross is such a great pick for President Trump. he s another one who doesn t need this job at all but is doing it for America. Pretty awesome!MORE ON WILBUR ROSS:WILBUR ROSS ON NEIL CAVUTO: Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the Paris Accord. He appeared on Neil Cavuto right before President Trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain America of trillions of dollars. We re so lucky he s our Commerce Secretary! He s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for America financially.WILBUR ROSS TAKES ON MATT LAUER: Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce, tells that President Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord does not mean that the U.S. will do nothing to combat climate change. He says that President Trump  is an environmentalist  and that the decision will do nothing to damage America s national security. Yes, you can be an environmentalist and care about the planet BUT not be for this boondoggle!",left-news,"Sep 8, 2017",0
Irma shakes Havana's deadly crumbling buildings,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Roydis Vald s  dilapidated home on Animas Street in the densely packed center of Old Havana had been declared uninhabitable by Cuba s Communist authorities years ago, his neighbors said. After Hurricane Irma shook the Cuban capital - a crumbling architectural jewel of the Caribbean - Vald s and his brother  were found under a collapsed wall, just two of the seven people killed by falling buildings on the island. Havana s historic center, where baroque Spanish colonial-era palaces butt shoulders with sleek Art Deco apartment buildings, was already crumbling before it took a lashing from Irma - a visible reminder of the hardship caused by a 57-year U.S. trade embargo.  Residents fear the violent storm - the worst to hit the Cuban mainland since 1932 - will accelerate the city s decline. While the eye of the hurricane did not reach the capital, tropical-storm force winds and heavy rains of its outer bands, as well as a storm surge, wrought havoc on its decrepit buildings. Salty water from Irma s heavy rains that has seeped into the brick and mortar of the capital s buildings will worsen corrosion and likely cause a raft of new collapses, residents and architects warn.  Now when the sun comes out, that s when things will really start to fall apart in Havana,  said Berta Rodriguez, a 71-year-old pensioner who lives on Animas Street and knew Vald s and his brother well.  We spent years asking the state to remove them from there,  she said, crying.  The state has to answer for this.      Irma has shone an unwelcome spotlight on the Caribbean nation s housing problems at a tricky time for the government. Already dealing with a cash crunch in the wake of a steep decline in aid from its key ally, Venezuela, Cuba also faces a political transition as President Raul Castro steps down next year, symbolizing the passing of the baton from the generation that led the 1959 Revolution. Rodriguez, who evacuated to her son s sturdier home during the hurricane, says she has been asking the Communist authorities for a new home for more than 20 years, echoing the frustrations of many Havana residents. After the Revolution led by Raul Castro s elder brother Fidel, the Cuban state confiscated many of Havana s grand historic buildings and distributed them to poor and middle-class families who over the years have divided them into ever-smaller units. Maintaining those buildings in a punishing tropical climate, however, fell by the wayside as the Communist government prioritized universal healthcare and education, as well as building infrastructure in the impoverished countryside. With state salaries averaging $30 per month and credit hard to get, Cubans say they do not have the money to fix up buildings themselves.  A builder told me I need to repair the walls that are full of holes, but I couldn t find the cash,  said Rodriguez, who suffers from chronic bronchitis made worse by her badly leaking ceiling. About 4,400 cases of damage to housing were reported in the capital due to Irma, state-run media said on Thursday. Of those, authorities confirmed nearly 1,200 buildings were entirely or partially destroyed. The city is working on restoring damaged roofs and preparing two shelters for families left homeless, the newspaper Granma added. But this will solve only part of a far greater problem. The housing deficit in the nation of 11 million people rose last year by 30,000 to nearly 900,000 units, the government told parliament in July.  In Havana, it estimated a shortage of more than 200,000 homes. The state had built 316,595 homes between 1990 and 2013, an effort that the president of the Construction Commission Santiago Lajes Choy told parliament was still  insufficient.  Litza Penalver, whose sister s family lives in the building on Animas street partially destroyed by Irma, said authorities want to get residents out now.   They want to demolish it, to cover up their errors,  she said.  They want to oblige us to stay in a large shelter and wait (for a new house) but the wait can last 30 years - Cuba doesn t have the resources.  Many Havana residents say they would prefer to stay in their decrepit homes, no matter how dangerous, rather than move to large shelters that offer no privacy. Still, with the rainy season ongoing, many worry that more hurricanes could hit before it ends in November.  While Irma has exacerbated frustration with Cuba s housing problems, even dissidents say it is unlikely to fuel outright opposition to the government.  There might be more spontaneous, isolated expressions of discontent,  said Jose Daniel Ferrer, leader of the Patriotic Union of Cuba (UNPACU), one of the island s largest dissident groups.  But not organized protests with clear political aims given the high level of repression at the moment.  Rodriguez, Penalver and others on Animas Street said theirs was not a political problem and noted they were strong supporters of the Revolution that toppled right-wing dictator Fulgencio Batista in 1959 and subsequently provided free healthcare and education to ordinary Cubans.  I love my country,  said Penalver, adding she had a Spanish passport but chose to live in Cuba.  I m not looking for political problems. I m looking for solution to the housing issue.  ",worldnews,"September 14, 2017 ",1
 Pennsylvania Republican Makes Dumbest Claim Yet About Cause Of Climate Change,"Oh. My. God. The stupid, it burns.Anybody who actually paid attention in science class in school are going to have a collective WTF moment when they learn what one Pennsylvania Republican said about the cause of climate change.As we all know by now, Donald Trump signed an executive order reversing every action President Obama took to fight and reverse climate change, a move that has horrified scientists around the globe.But just as cringe-worthy is what Scott Wagner told a group of county officials on Tuesday. Wagner is a GOP state senator who wants to be Pennsylvania s next governor. Unlike Donald Trump, he acknowledges that climate change is real. However, his view on what causes climate change is far different than what any actual scientist has concluded.According to Wagner, climate change is happening because of two different reasons. First, he claimed that it s happening because of body heat. Seriously. We have more people. You know, humans have warm bodies. So is heat coming off? Things are changing, but I think we are, as a society, doing the best we can. Humans have warm bodies but it s not our body heat that is causing climate change. It s all the pollution we harmful gases we expel into the atmosphere like methane and carbon dioxide. Also, reversing climate action is not  doing the best we can.  Ending the fight against climate change threatens our country, especially our coastlines, which will likely end up under water unless we do something fast to prevent sea level rise caused by climate change.But then Wagner suggested another cause for climate change and this one makes it clear that Republicans need to pick up a f*cking science book. I haven t been in a science class in a long time, but the earth moves closer to the sun every year   you know, the rotation of the earth,  Wagner said.  We re moving closer to the sun. Again, this is a guy who wants to occupy the top government office in Pennsylvania.And Wagner is absolutely wrong.As Huffington Post reports,Contrary to what Wagner said, the earth rotates on its axis every 24 hours, not every year. And it may come as a surprise to him that the United States and the rest of the Northern Hemisphere experience winter when the earth s yearly orbit brings it closest to the sun.Furthermore, Wagner made it sound like the Earth s orbit around the sun is decaying. But it definitely is not decaying. If anything, the sun would become a red giant and swallow the Earth. And that probably won t happen for millions of years long after climate change kills us all because Republicans like Donald Trump and Scott Wagner deny climate change and its cause.After his embarrassing remarks went viral, Wagner released a statement somewhat acknowledging that humans have contributed to climate change. I believe that the climate is changing every day, and some of that change is certainly manmade. I think that we have a responsibility to future generations to be good stewards, and I support efforts to do that. However, the real question isn t is the climate changing but what role should the government play in trying to alter it. I believe we have to prioritize action in a measured way so that we do not hurt our economy. The problem is that climate change will do more to hurt our economy than the measures employed to stop it ever will. One would think saving the planet would be the number one priority. But as usual, Republicans are thinking more about the wallets of billionaires.Featured Image: Wikimedia",News,"March 30, 2017",0
A MUST READ! JUDGE NAPOLITANO: HILLARY’S SECRET WAR," Mrs. Clinton provided material assistance to terrorists and lied to Congress in a venue where the law required her to be truthful.    JUDGE NAPOLITANOIn the course of my work, I am often asked by colleagues to review and explain documents and statutes. Recently, in conjunction with my colleagues Catherine Herridge and Pamela Browne, I read the transcripts of an interview Ms. Browne did with a man named Marc Turi, and Ms. Herridge asked me to review emails to and from State Department and congressional officials during the years when Hillary Clinton was the secretary of state.What I saw has persuaded me beyond a reasonable doubt and to a moral certainty that Mrs. Clinton provided material assistance to terrorists and lied to Congress in a venue where the law required her to be truthful. Here is the backstory.Mr. Turi is a lawfully licensed American arms dealer. In 2011, he applied to the Departments of State and Treasury for approvals to sell arms to the government of Qatar. Qatar is a small Middle Eastern country whose government is so entwined with the U.S. government that it almost always will do what American government officials ask of it.In its efforts to keep arms from countries and groups that might harm Americans and American interests, Congress has authorized the Departments of State and Treasury to be arms gatekeepers. They can declare a country or group to be a terrorist organization, in which case selling or facilitating the sale of arms to it is a felony. They also can license dealers to sell.Mr. Turi sold hundreds of millions of dollars  worth of arms to the government of Qatar, which then, at the request of American government officials, were sold, bartered or given to rebel groups in Libya and Syria. Some of the groups that received the arms were on the U.S. terror list. Thus, the same State and Treasury Departments that licensed the sales also prohibited them.How could that be?That s where Mrs. Clinton s secret State Department and her secret war come in. Because Mrs. Clinton used her husband s computer server for all of her email traffic while she was the secretary of state, a violation of three federal laws, few in the State Department outside her inner circle knew what she was up to.Now we know.She obtained permission from President Obama and consent from congressional leaders in both houses of Congress and in both parties to arm rebels in Syria and Libya in an effort to overthrow the governments of those countries.Many of the rebels Mrs. Clinton armed, using the weapons lawfully sold to Qatar by Mr. Turi and others, were terrorist groups who are our sworn enemies. There was no congressional declaration of war, no congressional vote, no congressional knowledge beyond fewer than a dozen members, and no federal statute that authorized this.When Sen. Rand Paul, Kentucky Republican, asked Mrs. Clinton at a public hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee on Jan. 23, 2013, whether she knew about American arms shipped to the Middle East, to Turkey or to any other country, she denied any knowledge. It is unclear whether she was under oath at the time, but that is legally irrelevant. The obligation to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth to Congress pertains to all witnesses who testify before congressional committees, whether an oath has been administered or not. (Just ask Roger Clemens, who was twice prosecuted for misleading Congress about the contents of his urine while not under oath. He was acquitted.)Here is her relevant testimony:Mr. Paul: My question is is the U.S. involved with any procuring of weapons, transfer of weapons buying, selling anyhow transferring weapons to Turkey out of Libya?Mrs. Clinton: To Turkey?   I will have to take that question for the record. Nobody s ever raised that with me. I, I .Mr. Paul: It s been in news reports that ships have been leaving from Libya and that they may have weapons and what I d like to know is the [Benghazi] annex that was close by . Were they involved with procuring, buying, selling, obtaining weapons and were any of these weapons transferred to other countries any countries, Turkey included?Mrs. Clinton: Senator, you will have to direct that question to the agency that ran the annex. And I will see what information is available and ahhhh .Mr. Paul: You are saying you don t know .Mrs. Clinton: I do not know. I don t have any information on that. VIDEO OF THIS TESTIMONY IS BELOW: This secret war and the criminal behavior that animated it was the product of conspirators in the White House, the State Department, the Treasury Department, the Justice Department, the CIA and a tight-knit group of members of Congress. Their conspiracy has now unraveled. Where is the outrage among the balance of Congress?Read more: WT",politics,"Jul 2, 2015",0
Kremlin says too early to react to Trump nuclear cuts offer,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday it was too early to comment on a proposal by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to do a deal with Moscow on nuclear arms cuts in exchange for Washington lifting sanctions imposed on Moscow over the Ukraine crisis. Trump told The Times of London in an interview published online on Sunday that he would propose offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia for its annexation of Crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, in a conference call with reporters, said Russia would wait until Trump took office before commenting on any proposed deals. There were currently no talks on possible nuclear arms cuts with the United States and Russia did not intend to raise the sanctions issue itself in negotiations with foreign countries, said Peskov. He also dismissed media reports of a planned meeting between Putin and Trump. “All these statements about preliminary agreements about a meeting do not correspond to reality,” said Peskov.  “Right now there are no agreements, drafts or any preparations underway for a meeting because the president and Mr Trump have not discussed this in any way.” Asked if the Kremlin agreed with Trump’s view that NATO is obsolete, something the U.S. president-elect repeated in the same interview, Peskov pointed out that the Kremlin had long been making the same point. ",politicsNews,"January 16, 2017 ",1
Oklahoma lawmaker apologizes for linking Native Americans to alcoholism,"TULSA, Okla. (Reuters) - An Oklahoma state legislator has apologized after saying in the legislature last week that Native Americans are pre-disposed to alcohol abuse, officials said on Thursday. State Representative Todd Russ, a Republican, made the apology in a statement issued by his office this week, his office said on Thursday. During floor debate last week on a measure to amend Oklahoma’s liquor laws, Russ said: “The white man took advantage of the Native American people at the rim of an alcohol bottle.  “We see the effects of that today in society because they are predisposed physically. Scientifically we know the truth that they cannot process that like other people,” he said. Russ, whose western Oklahoma district includes a portion of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes’ jurisdictional area, urged members of the legislature’s Native American Caucus to vote against the bill, which would allow supermarkets and convenience stores to sell beer and wine. Instead, he received a rebuke for his comments. “He may not have intentionally done this, but disparaging Native Americans is an uncalled for, inappropriate comment on the House floor,” Representative Dan Kirby, a Republican and a citizen of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation said during the debate. In his apology, Russ offered contrition “for the unintended pain I have caused Native Americans by my statement that was based upon outdated information.” ",politicsNews,"April 28, 2016 ",1
(VIDEO) OBAMA THROWS AMERICA UNDER THE BUS…AGAIN," I am a student of history so I tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. I am the first one to acknowledge that America s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. And, I m certainly mindful that there are dark chapters in our own history in which we have not always observed the principles and ideals upon which the country was founded. Just a few weeks ago I was in Selma, Alabama celebrating the 50th anniversary of a march across a bridge that resulted in horrific violence and the reason I was there and the reason it was a celebration is because it was a triumph of human spirit in which ordinary people without resort to violence were able to overcome systematic segregation. There voices were heard and our country changed. America never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to change. ",left-news,"Apr 12, 2015",0
Trump does not intend to fire investigator Mueller: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has no intention of firing the special counsel investigating charges of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, even though he questioned the official’s impartiality in an interview, the White House said on Friday. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters that while Trump “retains the authority” to dismiss special counsel Robert Mueller, “he has no intention of doing that.” Trump voiced concern in a TV interview on Fox News on Friday about what he said was the close relationship between former FBI Director James Comey and Mueller, who was named to take over the Russia investigation after Trump fired Comey. “He’s very, very good friends with Comey, which is bothersome,” Trump told Fox News. “Look, there has been no obstruction. There has been no collusion. There has been leaking by Comey.” Lawmakers investigating allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election have raised questions about whether Comey’s May 9 firing was an attempt by Trump to stop the Russia probe. While White House officials have said the firing was due to concerns about Comey’s actions at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Trump told an interviewer the Russia investigation was one of his concerns in taking the action. But the president insists his campaign did not collude with Russia and that his firing of Comey did not obstruct justice. “There’s been no collusion, no obstruction and virtually everybody agrees to that,” Trump told Fox, adding that Mueller “is an honorable man and hopefully he’ll come up with an honorable solution.” Russia denies it meddled in the U.S. presidential election. In excerpts from a separate interview, Trump criticized President Barack Obama for inaction in the face of Russian meddling.  “Well I just heard today for the first time that Obama knew about Russia a long time before the election, and he did nothing about it,” Trump said, according to excerpts from a Fox News interview to be broadcast on Sunday.  In congressional testimony on Wednesday, Jeh Johnson, who headed the Homeland Security Department under Obama, said his department had warned about hacking into voter databases. When asked why the Obama administration did not do more to warn the public, he said: “We were very concerned that we would not be perceived as taking sides in the election, injecting ourselves into a very heated campaign.” ",politicsNews,"June 23, 2017 ",1
BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER Goes On Tirade Over CNN’s Support For Radical Islam At #MarchAgainstSharia [VIDEO],"On June 10, people in at least 27 cities are gathering to march for human rights   and against Sharia Law. The nationwide day of protest is being organized by ACT for America, a grassroots organization that is the self-proclaimed  NRA of national security. The New York City event is being organized by Pax Hart, a writer and political commentator. There were initially 18 other March Against Sharia rallies scheduled for June 10. After Manchester, people were furious and started contacted us through Twitter to find out how they could organize a rally in their own city. I think it s now up to 27 cities,  Hart said.  BigLeaguePoliticsJUNE 10th   Nationwide U.S. rallies against Sharia and radical Islam. #MarchAgainstSharia #ManchesterArena @MarchAgstSharia pic.twitter.com/dokpNxYM9S  Pax Hart (@PaxHart) May 23, 2017An unidentified interviewer caught up with a black Trump supporters at a #MarchAgainstSharia event at Foley Square in NYC. The video can be seen below. Here is a partial transcript of the conversation: CNN is a part of this. They re in bed with radical Islam. All mainstream media is in bed with Sharia Law and that s why I m here ladies and gentlemen, to wake you up to mainstream media being complicit. They re in bed with Sharia Law. It s incompatible with the United States. It s hard to distinguish what the interviewer asks, but the Trump supporter answers the interviewer by saying that he loves Infowars, and goes on to thanks Infowars founder Alex Jones by saying,  Thank you brother, I love you! Black Trump supporter and infowarrior shouting @CNN is a terrorist organization. ""I love you @RealAlexJones"" he said. #MarchAgainstSharia pic.twitter.com/Y11IO8rfSW  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) June 10, 2017",politics,"Jun 10, 2017",0
[VIDEO] DOES SEEING TWO NAKED LESBIANS IN BED TOGETHER MAKE YOU WANT TO EAT YOGURT? Chobani Apparently Thinks It Does,"It s a shame really when a company who produces a really great product is more driven by their desire to promote a perverted social message than to actually promote their product. My husband thanks you Chobani, because of your decision to shove your brand of  diversity  down our throats, he ll have 20 less cartons of Chobani yogurt to shift around in our refrigerator every week. Greek yogurt brand Chobani debuted the latest television spot for its Simply 100 yogurt on Monday, with a surprise twist at the end in the closing seconds of the ad, the couple eating yogurt in bed are revealed to be lesbians.Created by ad agency Opperman Weiss, the 30-second spot, part of the brand s new seven-part  Love This Life  campaign, features a naked woman eating Chobani yogurt in bed next to her partner. The woman leans over and tickles her partner s foot, then seductively slides off the bed as the brand s new slogan appears onscreen.Chobani CMO Peter McGuiness told ad industry magazine AdWeek that using a lesbian couple in the spot was a  natural progression  for the new campaign. The campaign hopes to highlight a  series of modern American stories that connect the brand s values to its fans  values. For us, it s why not [feature a same-sex couple]   not why,  McGuiness told AdWeek.  There s nothing new here, per say. Inclusion and equality has been and is foundational and fundamental to the company. Chobani is the latest brand to include same-sex couples in its advertising. In January, luxury jewelry outlet Tiffany & Co. introduced its first-ever spot featuring a gay couple getting engaged. Other brands featuring same-sex couples in its ads include Wells Fargo and clothing retailer Gap.Television advertising represents something of a new frontier for the LGBT movement. Of course, television itself has exploded with critically-acclaimed programming featuring gay and transgender characters.Bruce Jenner, who came out as a woman last month on a now-infamous Vanity Fair magazine cover, is set to star in I Am Cait, a new eight-part docu-series about living as a transgender woman premiering this summer on the E! network. Fourteen-year-old transgender high-schooler Jazz Jennings will also get her own reality show, All That Jazz, on TLC this summer. Those shows are just the first in an expected bump in transgender-themed reality television programming.Transgender actor Laverne Cox earned an Emmy nomination for the Netflix prison series Orange is the New Black, while Jeffrey Tambor picked up a Golden Globe for his role as transitioning father Maura Pfefferman in Amazon s Transparent, which itself won Best Television Series honors at this year s Globes.Over on network television, Jussie Smollet portrays Jamal Lyon, the gay son of a hip-hop mogul on Empire, the biggest show on TV last season. And in March, ABC Family s The Fosters made history by airing the youngest-ever same-sex kiss between two 13-year-old boys.Via: Breitbart NewsBelow, you will find the message I sent to Chobani. Please feel free to send your own message to this address: www.care.chobani.comHave you lost your mind? What were you thinking when you produced a commercial for your high quality yogurt featuring two naked lesbian women in bed? I have a few large social media sites, and as I sit writing about your choice to place your social messaging above your product, I realize that the 20-25 cartons of Chobani I buy for myself and my three athletic daughters will be the last Chobani yogurt I buy. When my girls ask me  why?  I will have to explain to them that you have chosen to push a minority lifestyle on everyday Americans with no regard for how it may affect the young children and traditional families who purchase your product. I have nothing against gay relationships, I do however, have something against a company who I have been so loyal to for so long, choosing to push a lifestyle on America that we simply don t want pushed on us. My husband will be happy, as he ll have more room in the fridge to keep his beer cold, because I will now be buying the large containers of Fage yogurt and adding my own fruit. So long Chobani! I hope your message was worth the backlash you will certainly receive. You ve pushed the envelope too far this time Here is their emailed response(inlcuding the name of the respondent as well as his phone number: Hey, Patty.Thank you for sharing your thoughts with us about our newest  Love This Life  commercial.We launched our  Love This Life  campaign in May to reflect our fans and celebrate the role that natural food plays in their lives.As part of our founding mission to make better food for more people, inclusiveness is at the heart of our company. We re proud that our products are enjoyed by all and celebrate that diversity.Since our founding, we ve always believed in honesty and authenticity in everything we do. This campaign is part of that mission, and we hope you understand that we re staying true to our founding mission.We take your feedback very seriously and will of course share it, and we want to personally thank you for reaching out to us.Regards, Shawn Shawn Hess Customer Loyalty Team Lead 147 State Highway 320  Norwich, New York 13815 877-847-6181 www.chobani.com ",left-news,"Jun 16, 2015",0
India Prime Minister Modi inaugurates controversial dam project,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated India s biggest dam on Sunday, ignoring warnings from environment groups that hundreds of thousands of people will lose their livelihoods. The controversial Sardar Sarovar Dam on the Narmada river in the country s western state of Gujarat that will provide power and water to three big states was dedicated to the people of India by Narendra Modi. The project has been beset by controversies since the laying of the foundation stone by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1961. The construction of the project began in 1987. The dam is the second biggest dam in the world after the Grand Coulee Dam in the United States. Ahead of the inauguration Modi said in a tweet,  This project will benefit lakhs of farmers and help fulfill people s aspirations.  (1 lakh = 100,000) The dam is expected to provide water to 9,000 villages and the power generated from the dam would be shared among three states - Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Gujarat.  The Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA), led by social activist Medha Patkar, has been protesting against the project, raising several environmental concerns.  Construction on the dam had been suspended in 1996 following a stay by the Supreme Court which allowed work to resume, four years later, but with conditions. Patkar and her supporters started the protest against the inauguration of the dam on Saturday and the opening of its gates which would raise the level of water and risk displacing several villages.  Today is a very sad day for India, and for one of our biggest peoples  movements and struggle - the Narmada Bacchao Andolan,  Ravi Chellam, executive director at Greenpeace India said in a statement.  The Sardar Sarovar Project... signals ruin not development for tens of thousands of unsuspecting, hapless and poor farmers,  Chellam added. ",worldnews,"September 17, 2017 ",1
"Rescue ship says Libyan coast guard shot at and boarded it, seeking migrants","ROME (Reuters) - A Libyan coast guard vessel fired shots and boarded a humanitarian ship in the Mediterranean on Tuesday, demanding that the migrants on board be handed over to them, a spokesman for the Mission Lifeline charity said.  The Libyan man said:  This is our territory,  said Axel Steier, a spokesman for the German-based charity that performed its first rescues on Tuesday.  After a while, they fired shots,  he said, probably into the air or sea. No one was wounded. Afterward two Libyans boarded the Lifeline ship to try to persuade them to hand over some 70 migrants they had just taken off a wooden boat in international waters.   We told them we don t return migrants to Libya. After a while, they gave up,  Steier said. The two men spent about 15 minutes on board, he said. A Libyan coast guard spokesman in Tripoli declined to comment, saying he was seeking information. Italy s coast guard, which coordinates rescues, did not respond to repeated telephone calls. It was the latest incident reported between the Libyan coast guard and humanitarian rescue ships operating off North Africa. Financed, trained and equipped by Italy, the Tripoli-based coastguard is intercepting a growing number of migrant boats. Last month, the Libyan coast guard ordered a Spanish rescue vessel to sail to Tripoli or risk being fired upon, though it later let it go. The worsening security situation has prompted several groups to halt rescue operations, and those who remain tend to patrol further from shore.     This year the Libyan coast guard had stopped 16,567 people before they were rescued and taken to Italy, according to the International Organization for Migration. But overall departures are down more than 20 percent and they dropped more than 80 percent in August after an armed group in Sabratha clamped down on smuggling. Italy is counting on the Libyan coast guard together with the Tripoli and municipal governments to put a halt to migrant arrivals from a country that has been torn by civil war and factional fighting since the ouster of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.  The policy has been harshly criticized by humanitarian groups because of the dire conditions of Libya s detention centers and the inhumane treatment of migrants in general in Libya. Despite recent declines in departures, almost 1,000 migrants were rescued on Tuesday. Save the Children s Vos Hestia ship picked up some 750 people in six different rescues, a spokeswoman said, and the Lifeline had more than 200 on board. SOS Mediterranee s Aquarius ship picked up 20 Libyans on Monday.   There is no longer any work in Libya and you risk being attacked,  a 26-year-old Libyan rescued told members of the SOS crew.  It is impossible to live in Libya, it has become too dangerous.   ",worldnews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
HARVARD BULLIED INTO Dropping 80 Year Old “Racist” Law School Emblem,"Harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their Law School founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. Didn t we see something similar to this happening in the Middle East? It wasn t that long ago that ISIS destroyed all symbols of Christianity in Iraq and other countries because they represented the history of Christ and was offensive to the Islamic terrorists. Did Americans think that was okay? This politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools, colleges and universities Harvard University has decided to drop its famous law school emblem after a handful of students said it was racist because it was tied to an 18th-century family of slave holders.The Harvard Corporation, the body that governs the university, voted in favor of a Harvard Law School committee recommendation to drop the seal. Harvard s president, Drew Faust, told the dean of the law school, Martha Minow, he approved the idea, Reuters reported.The emblem has been around since 1936. It shows three sheaves of wheat with the motto,  Veritas,  the Latin word for truth, scrolled across the top.The image comes from the coat of arms used by the family of Isaac Royall, a man the media paints as the son of an Antiguan slaveholder   who was also the endower of the first law professorship at the university, Reuters said. Via: WNDThe university denied it was revising history.Maybe they were just caving to threats or threatening behavior like this protest that took place on campus. Students can be seen here protesting at Harvard University over death of thug, Michael Brown:Harvard protestors crowd at the Law School to rally against the #Ferguson decision, yelling ""no justice, no peace."" pic.twitter.com/cHMSaM1KNY  Meg Bernhard (@meg_bernhard) December 1, 2014 In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. pic.twitter.com/p8ej81vxZa  Harvard University (@Harvard) December 11, 201412-11-14 Harvard President Drew Faust declared via Twitter that  black lives matter.  Harvard s official Twitter account posted an image Wednesday of Faust wearing a t-shirt with the movement s slogan and the statement,  In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. In November, 2015, Portraits of black Harvard Law School faculty members were defaced on  a day after a campus rally for black students, according to the law school. Several portraits were discovered Thursday with black strips of tape placed diagonally over the black faculty members  faces. The portraits were on the first floor of Wasserstein Hall, which houses two hallways with more than 180 framed portraits of law professors.Harvard Law School Dean Michele Minow said in a statement  The Harvard University Police Department is investigating the incident as a hate crime. Harvard Law School students started a Facebook page with the following stated mission: We are a movement of students calling for the decolonization of our campus, the symbols, the curriculum and the history of Harvard Law SchoolHere is a post from that page: While we accept the request to change the shield, we do so on the understanding that the school will actively explore other steps to recognize rather than to suppress the realities of its history, mindful of our shared obligation to honor the past not be seeking to erase it, but rather by bringing it to light and learning from it,  Faust said, Reuters reported. Via: WNDIn the end, we can t help but wonder how much this former Harvard Law School student, turned Commuity Agitator in Chief had to do with their decision to erase history at Harvard:  ",left-news,"Mar 16, 2016",0
"Chicago mayor seeks rebound with new budget, labor peace","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel moved this week to bolster his sagging political fortunes, delivering within a few hours both a labor pact with the city’s teachers and a no-drama 2017 city budget devoid of any big tax hikes. On Tuesday morning, Emanuel unveiled a $9.8 billion city spending plan for fiscal 2017 that includes $3.7 billion for operations, relying on $82.3 million in revenue growth, savings from efficiencies and a few one-time measures. Since winning re-election last year, the Democratic mayor has been dealing with racially charged fallout from the 2014 police shooting of a black teenager and the pension-driven financial hardships facing the city and its school system. “It is a budget free of an immediate pension crisis, free of the black cloud of insolvency threatening the retirements of city employees and the financial future of Chicago,” Emanuel told the city council. Twelve hours earlier, he signed off on a four-year tentative contract deal with teachers in the country’s third-largest public school system to avert what would have been a third strike in four years. The pact, which still must be ratified by the Chicago Teachers Union, relies on a bigger injection of surplus revenue he controls from the city’s development districts. To be sure, the spate of good news for Emanuel does not mean the mayor is free of political trouble. In 2016, Emanuel reeled from the effects of street protests stemming from the death of unarmed, 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, whom a white police officer shot 16 times. Emanuel’s administration kept a police video of the killing under wraps while he ran for re-election last year. More broadly, street violence in Chicago continues unabated, leaving the city with more murders this year than New York City and Los Angeles combined. The city budget Emanuel outlined accommodates the initial phase of a two-year plan to add 970 police positions to address the city’s sharp spike in violence. “Until we see the focus on crime in the city and the policing issue from the mayor in more ways than we saw this summer, which was not a lot of focus until it was absolutely necessary, that’s one of the biggest issues in the city,” said Alderman Scott Waguespack, an Emanuel critic and member of the city council’s progressive bloc. Financially, the city has faced a series of credit rating downgrades due to an unfunded pension liability that Moody’s Investors Service has said is the highest among U.S. municipalities it rates. That liability stood at $33.8 billion at the end of fiscal 2015 for Chicago’s four retirement systems.  The mayor last year pushed through a $543 million phased-in property tax increase for police and firefighter retirement systems. The city enacted a new tax on water and sewer usage last month to rescue its largest pension fund for municipal workers from insolvency. A Chicago-based government finance watchdog group welcomed Emanuel’s budget blueprint on Tuesday. “Generally, our initial reaction to the mayor’s plan is this is a good-news budget for the city of Chicago,” said Laurence Msall, president of the Civic Federation. Emanuel’s top city council ally, Alderman Patrick O’Connor, said the mayor is making solid progress in digging Chicago out of its fiscal and social mess. But no one is saying it yet amounts to a platform for a possible third term in 2019, which the mayor has not yet ruled out. “There are ebbs and flows to popularity. There are ebbs and flows to crisis,” O’Connor said. “Who knows what the crisis of the day is going to be a year from now or two years from now?” ",politicsNews,"October 11, 2016 ",1
Liberia's Liberty Party to appeal election fraud case to Supreme Court,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s opposition Liberty Party will take its claims of election fraud to the Supreme Court this week after the electoral commission ruled on Friday that the first-round Oct. 10 vote was fair, it said on Sunday.  The appeal will likely set the West African country s presidential election back well into December, and could result in the first round poll being re-run, which could delay the first democratic transfer of power in over 70 years by months. Ex football star George Weah was meant to face Vice-President Joseph Boakai in a run-off vote in early November to determine who will replace Nobel Peace Prize laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. But third placed candidate Charles Brumskine of the Liberty Party said the Oct. 10 first round was marred by widespread fraud, and the Supreme Court ordered the National Elections Commission (NEC) to investigate.  The NEC ruled last week that voting irregularities did not alter the outcome of the first round which Weah won with 38 percent versus Boakai with 29 percent. Brumskine won nearly 10 percent. International observers said the vote was largely free and fair.   We will take our case to the Supreme Court any time this week,  Brumskine told Reuters.  We were not surprised by the ruling. NEC were the defendants and judge at the same time.  The delay has raised tensions in Liberia where many say they are dissatisfied by Johnson Sirleaf s 12-year rule which cemented peace and brought much needed aid to the country after a civil war but which did little to alleviate dire poverty. The Liberty Party complained of widespread irregularities in the vote, including polling stations not allowing his supporters to cast their ballot. Under the constitution, it has until Friday to file its appeal, after which the Supreme Court has a further seven days to make a final ruling. ",worldnews,"November 26, 2017 ",1
Croatian PM Plenkovic regrets Praljak's death in The Hague,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said on Wednesday he regretted the death of Slobodan Praljak, the wartime commander of Bosnian Croat forces who died after he drank poison in The Hague.  His act, which we regrettably saw today, mostly speaks about a deep moral injustice towards six Croats from Bosnia and the Croatian people ... We voice dissatisfaction and regret about the verdict,  Plenkovic said. Praljak drank poison seconds after a United Nations judges turned down his appeal against a 20-year sentence for war crimes against Bosnian Muslims. ",worldnews,"November 29, 2017 ",1
IN ORDER FOR TRUMP TO “Drain The Swamp” He’s Going To Have Take On The Alligators…And Here’s How [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump is a man in a hurry. Throughout his campaign he laid out his priorities. He s a man who likes to get things done and is intent on keeping his promises. We ve seen this before. But draining a swamp is never easy.As President Trump begins the process of implementing commitments and draining the swamp through his executive orders and legislative initiatives, he needs to clearly understand that the swamp will undoubtedly fight back.Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has already slow-rolled the confirmation process of the President s new cabinet.The angry left has mobilized and encouraged protestors to attempt to create the impression that his new policies lack public support.Even some Republicans are proving to be less than helpful. These actions were all expected. Candidate Trump got a taste of this opposition during his campaign.What is conceivably new and maybe somewhat unexpected in terms of its scale and impact is the fourth branch of the U.S. government   the bureaucracy.Perhaps the most glaring example of the power of the bureaucracy was the decision by his acting Attorney General to refuse to defend the President s Executive Order on a refugee pause as new enhanced vetting protocols from seven countries were developed.The swamp now has officially claimed its first victim of the administration, Mike Flynn. Flynn made a mistake, no doubt about it. But he fell victim to the bureaucracy that was not fond of him or his reform agenda. It collected information secretively and then leaked it to a willing and eager media.Team Trump will soon see that this is just the tip of the iceberg. The federal bureaucracy is full of employees who do not share his world view. From Foggy Bottom to NOAA to the IRS, they have become increasingly politicized. The bureaucracy would be happy to undermine and  resist . Some have already begun and it will only get worse.President Trump must recognize this threat to his agenda. He needs to gather his team and get them on the field. The president has the ability to fill roughly 5,000 positions. While that number may seem massive, it pales in comparison to the almost three million workers in the fourth estate. Many if not most of who are committed to maintaining the status quo.Candidate Trump ran a clean and successful campaign that lasted about 18 months. If he expects to be a successful two-term president, he will need to build a strong core of supporters throughout the executive branch who share his same vision.Bringing change to Washington is complex.Newt Gingrich has advised President Trump. If you are determined to drain the swamp, beware of the alligators.Newt speaks from personal experience. He was a true transformational leader who confronted the status quo.The swamp fought back taking advantage of every  mistake  made by the former Speaker.The bottom line for Speaker Gingrich was that after four years, the swamp had claimed Newt Gingrich as its victim. And it then came creeping back.Balanced budgets and strong economic growth soon vanished. The bureaucracy and federal spending that fed it soon started rising again.If President Trump wants to truly transform America he will need loyal teammates to make it happen. He will need to run a tight ship. Yes, these alligators are relentless.No one should doubt what s at stake here. President Trump is serious about draining the swamp, and as we are currently witnessing, the swamp will surely fight back.Trump s team needs to find a way to improve quickly because if they don t, Mike Flynn will have been the first of many who will fall victim to the predatory swamp!   Former House Intelligence Chair, Pete Hoekstra, FOX News",politics,"Feb 15, 2017",0
" Marco Rubio Really Wants To Win Reelection, But Won’t Rule Out Puling A Sarah Palin (VIDEO)","Marco Rubio hates his job. Last year, he said he wasn t going to run for reelection because he was  frustrated.  He also had one of the worst attendance records in the Senate. Now, Rubio wants his job back, but, as if his voters haven t been screwed enough from him, he won t promise he ll finish his term out.In an interview Tuesday, CNN s Manu Raju asked Rubio if he would commit to serving the entirety of his term, to which the Florida Republican said: No one can make that commitment because you don t know what the future s gonna hold in your life   personally or politically. I can commit to you this,  Rubio said.  That if I am running to be a U.S. Senator, I am fully prepared to allow the U.S. Senate to be the last political office I ever hold. Source: Independent JournalHere s the video:.@mkraju to Marco Rubio: can you commit to serving a full 6 year term?Rubio:  No one can make that commitment https://t.co/q5Lh26jjed  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) August 30, 2016Rubio s seat is important to both Republicans and Democrats. It could help turn the balance of power one way or another and despite Rubio s horrible tenure and his ambivalence toward the office he s trying to hold, Democrats are facing an uphill battle.Right now, two Democrats are eyeing the Senate in Florida, former Rep. Alan Grayson and Rep. Patrick Murphy. It s expected that Murphy, the more centrist of the two candidates, will win the nomination, but the election is another story. So far, Rubio is handily winning in most polls. Two show him within the margin of error.This fact is kind of amazing, considering Rubio has the absolute worst attendance record in the Senate.Of course, that might actually play well with his anti-government base, who would seemingly rather elect someone who s just a placeholder and an obstructionist, rather than someone who actually does his job for the people of Florida. This is why this country can t have nice things   literally.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",News,"August 30, 2016",0
 Professional Panderer Carly Fiorina Says Ted Cruz Will Say Anything To Get Elected (VIDEO),"Just days after forsaking her Stanford Cardinals by supporting the Iowa Hawkeyes in the Rose Bowl to pander for votes, Carly Fiorina complained that Ted Cruz says  whatever  to get elected.During an interview on CNN, Fiorina launched an attack on the Texas Tea Party hero, who is currently leading in some Iowa polls ahead of the first primary vote in February. The failed former CEO of Hewlett-Packard whined about Cruz saying whatever it takes to get voters to support him. Ted Cruz is just like any other politician. He says one thing in Manhattan, he says another thing in Iowa. He says whatever he needs to say to get elected, and then he s going to do as he pleases. I think the American people are tired of the political class that promises much and delivers much of the same. But as right as she is about Ted Cruz, Fiorina completely ignored her own hypocrisy when it comes to pandering.For weeks, Fiorina pandered to conservative  Christians  by claiming that heavily edited Planned Parenthood videos featured footage of a live fetus being butchered for body parts. Fiorina s claims have since been thoroughly debunked by media and medical professionals.She has also pandered to women by falsely claiming that  92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obama s first term belonged to women,  when in fact, women actually gained jobs.Fiorina also pandered to the military by accusing President Obama of ending the careers of several generals. However, only two of the five she mentioned retired due to policy differences with their commander-in-chief.Time and time again, Fiorina has lied in an effort to gain support. Politifact has caught her lying around 70 percent of the time.But her worst attempt to pander came on Friday when she wrote a Twitter post rooting for the Iowa Hawkeyes football team against her own alma mater in a clear effort to gain support from Iowa voters.Love my alma mater, but rooting for a Hawkeyes win today. #RoseBowl  Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) January 1, 2016CNN host Dana Bash also pointed out Fiorina s hypocrisy on Sunday, to which Fiorina responded by claiming that the tweet was just her way of having a little fun and was not meant to pander at all. For heaven s sake. Can t a girl ever have a little bit of fun?  Fiorina asked. That was a tongue in cheek tweet which the people of Iowa understand, because I was asked over and over again in Iowa, having attended a Hawkeye tailgate, I was asked, they knew that my heart was torn. Let s just say if the biggest mistake I make is a tongue in cheek Tweet about a Rose Bowl, the American people will sleep safely when I am President of the United States,  she added.  It was tongue in cheek, for heaven s sake. A girl needs to have a little fun sometimes. I guess it was a slow news day in the media. Here s the video via YouTube.However, contrary to what Fiorina claims, Iowa fans, nor anyone else for that matter, did not understand and were definitely not happy about Fiorina s tweet as she was roundly criticized in reply after reply to her tweet.Furthermore, as mentioned earlier, Fiorina s tweet is not the only mistake she has made throughout her campaign, nor is it the biggest. And it should also be noted that Fiorina played the woman card to spin out of her Twitter fiasco. Rather than own up to her obvious pandering play, Fiorina framed it as a girl just having fun and suggested that the media is being sexist.Sorry, Carly. But that just doesn t fly. You are currently polling at 2 percent in Iowa. Clearly, you are desperate for higher poll numbers as it becomes ever more clear that your campaign is doomed. So, you made a choice to pander to Iowans by throwing your own team under a bus instead of displaying loyalty to the university you graduated from. And then your decision was made worse after Stanford absolutely destroyed Iowa on the football field to win the Rose Bowl. If any other team had been playing the Hawkeyes, perhaps your tweet would have been appropriate, but that was not the case. You got caught pandering and now you re trying to frame it as a girl having a little fun and an evil sexist media attacking you for it. That s called playing the victim and it s not very appealing to voters either.Carly Fiorina should be so embarrassed right now that she ends her campaign in disgrace instead of continuing to pretend that people actually like her and that she has a chance to actually win.Featured Image: Flickr",News,"January 3, 2016",0
"Trump ends 'Dreamer' immigration program, places onus on Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday scrapped an Obama-era program that protects from deportation immigrants brought illegally into the United States as children, delaying implementation until March and giving a gridlocked Congress six months to decide the fate of almost 800,000 young people. As the so-called Dreamers who have benefited from the five-year-old program were plunged into uncertainty, business and religious leaders, mayors, governors, Democratic lawmakers, unions, civil liberties advocates and former Democratic President Barack Obama all condemned Trump’s move. The action was announced not by Trump but by Jeff Sessions, his attorney general, who called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program an unconstitutional overreach by Obama. There will be an “orderly, lawful wind-down,” Sessions said. Trump later issued a written statement saying that “I do not favor punishing children, most of whom are now adults, for the actions of their parents. But we must also recognize that we are (a) nation of opportunity because we are a nation of laws.” He denounced Obama’s program as an “amnesty-first approach” toward illegal immigrants and pressed his nationalist “America First” message, saying that despite concerns voiced by his critics about the fate of the Dreamers, “Above all else, we must remember that young Americans have dreams too.” On Tuesday evening, the Republican president tweeted that lawmakers now had six months to “legalize DACA” and that if they did not, he would “revisit this issue!” Obama issued his own statement calling Trump’s action a political decision, defending DACA’s legality and urging Congress to protect Dreamers. “This is about young people who grew up in America - kids who study in our schools, young adults who are starting careers, patriots who pledge allegiance to our flag. These Dreamers are Americans in their hearts, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper,” Obama said. The Trump administration said nobody covered by the program, which provided work permits in addition to deportation protection and primarily benefits Hispanics, would be affected before March 5. Most people covered by DACA are in their 20s. Trump shifted responsibility to a Congress controlled by his fellow Republicans and said it was now up to lawmakers to pass immigration legislation that could address the fate of those protected by DACA who would be in danger of deportation. Trump and Sessions offered no details of the type of legislation they would want to see, and Trump’s spokeswoman offered only a broad outline. “I have a love for these people (DACA recipients), and hopefully now Congress will be able to help them and do it properly,” Trump later told reporters at the White House, adding: “I think it’s going to work out very well.”  Since Trump took office in January, Congress has been unable to pass any major legislation, most notably failing on a healthcare overhaul, and lawmakers have been bitterly divided over immigration in the past.  “President Trump’s decision to end DACA is a deeply shameful act of political cowardice and a despicable assault on innocent young people in communities across America,” said Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives. The Democratic attorney general of Massachusetts, Maura Healey, said a coalition of states planned to file suit in the coming days to defend DACA, and one advocacy group announced its own legal action. “This is a sad day for our country,” added Facebook Inc (FB.O) founder Mark Zuckerberg. “The decision to end DACA is not just wrong. It is particularly cruel to offer young people the American Dream, encourage them to come out of the shadows and trust our government, and then punish them for it.”  Brad Smith, president of Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), urged Congress to “put the humanitarian needs of these 800,000 people on the legislative calendar” before tax-cut legislation sought by Trump. Nearly 800,000 people stepped forward, admitted their illegal immigrant status and provided personal information to the government to apply for the DACA program. They now face the prospect of being deported starting in March. Dreamers are a fraction of the roughly 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States. “The cancellation of the DACA program is reprehensible,” the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops said in a statement. But White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said: “It’s not cold hearted for the president to uphold the law.” Trump said DACA recipients would not be deportation priorities unless they were criminals or gang members. Ending DACA was the latest action by Trump sure to alienate Hispanic Americans, a growing segment of the U.S. population and an increasingly important voting bloc. Most of the immigrants protected by DACA came from Mexico and other Latin American countries. The Mexican government said it “profoundly laments” Trump’s decision to end DACA and pledged to strengthen efforts to guarantee consular protections for affected Mexican citizens. The Homeland Security Department will provide a limited window - until Oct. 5 - for some DACA recipients whose work permits expire before March 5 to apply to renew those permits. In addition, the department will adjudicate any new DACA requests, or renewal requests, accepted as of Tuesday. That would mean that some beneficiaries of DACA could work legally in the country through 2019. The administration said the president’s decision was prompted in part by a threat from several Republican state attorneys general, led by Texas, to file legal challenges in federal court if Trump did not act to end DACA. Late on Tuesday, Texas state Attorney General Ken Paxton said he withdrew the 10-state suit after Trump’s decision. House Speaker Paul Ryan called on lawmakers to find a long-term solution for the young people affected by the reversal of the program. Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Congress “will continue working on securing our border and ensuring a lawful system of immigration that works.” Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said there could be a winning formula by coupling legislation to provide legal status for Dreamers with additional border security measures, although he said support was lacking in Congress for Trump’s proposed border wall. Trump made a crackdown on illegal immigrants a centerpiece of his 2016 election campaign, promising to deport every illegal immigrant. The decision to end DACA is the latest action by Trump to erase key parts of his Democratic predecessor’s legacy. That includes pulling the United States out of the Paris climate accord, abandoning a 12-nation Pacific trade deal, seeking to dismantle the Obamacare healthcare law, rolling back environmental protections, reversing parts of Obama’s opening to Cuba and removing protections for transgender people.     ",politicsNews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
WATCH THIS DEMOCRAT Call For Trump’s Impeachment With No Credible Reason Why [Video],"Spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of Democrats It s really pitiful to watch  Last night, following the release of the Washington Post fake news on Trump and Russia, several videos immediately came out repeating the same fake news. It s uncanny that the media could be so coordinated in their reports on President Trump Of course, we believe there s something to that.Two  Congresscritters  have come out to call for the impeachment of President Trump .With ZERO evidence of ANY wrongdoing, it s laughable One of our favorites is Maxine Waters but this next Congressman runs a close second. Al Green claims Trump was  hobnobbing  with the Russians Haha!Congressman Al Green just released a statement on why he believes President Trump should be impeached. This statement is laughable. Was Al Green elected because of his name? Voters can be that way, ya know This guy is the definition of clueless! Who elects these brainiacs?Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) has suggested impeachment during TV interviews, but Green is the first member of Congress to formally call for impeachment hearings.Green said Trump s own public statements showed he fired Comey over the Russia investigation, which he said was grounds for impeachment:Waters and Green are a total joke! These are just two of the jokers running Washington. This is truly scary.",Government News,"May 16, 2017",0
 WATCH: Fox News Host Smacks Down Trump Supporter For Being A Hypocrite About Tax Returns,"Donald Trump still refuses to release his tax returns. So when Fox blowhard Eric Bolling tried to defend him for it he was utterly laid to waste by his own colleague.As usual, the panel of Fox hosts were busy trashing Hillary Clinton and attacking her over her recently released tax returns. But Bolling claimed that he cares more about the transcripts of Hillary Clinton s speeches to Goldman Sachs, remarking that he  really wants  to see them.Julie Roginsky then chimed in suggesting a trade in which Trump would release his tax returns in exchange for the release of the speech transcripts which drew approval from the panel. But Roginsky pointed out that she doesn t think Trump will do it because the New York Times reports that his tax returns will show that Trump pays zero percent in taxes while Clinton paid 43.2 percent in federal, state, and local taxes in 2015.In short, his tax returns would be embarrassing, and would spark outrage as it would be clear that Trump doesn t pay taxes while Hillary Clinton does.Roginsky s colleagues immediately jumped to Trump s defense by claiming that he can t release his taxes because he is being audited, but Roginsky didn t let that excuse fly. She pointed out that Trump is only being audited for a couple years of his taxes and said it doesn t stop him from releasing other years. In fact, an audit doesn t prevent releasing any tax returns at all even if they are under audit.Bolling, of course, continued making excuses for Trump and claimed that he can t release any of his taxes because the current audit could somehow affect his past returns. And that drew a sharp rebuke from Roginsky in which she called him out for being a total hypocrite. You are are coming up with Kool-Aid excuses! If this was Hillary Clinton, you d be the first to demand that she release those taxes. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, if Hillary refused to release her tax returns, Fox would immediately begin demanding that they be released and it would be a never ending topic from now till Election Day. But because Trump is the Republican nominee, Fox News has no problem defending him for refusing to release his own. That is except Julie Roginsky. She not only would like Trump to release them, she s tired of the lame excuses pushed by Trump apologists like Bolling.Featured image via screen capture",News,"August 12, 2016",0
 Jimmy Fallon Roasts Donald Trump With This Genius Prank Phone Call (VIDEO),"Imagine if Donald Trump rang President Obama. How would that phone call go? Jimmy Fallon decided to act out his answer, with a phone call played out between Fallon s  Drumpf  and Obama.After winning Indiana and becoming the presumptive GOP nominee, Trump calls President Obama to chat. The only thing is, Drumpf can seem to string a sentence together without making some sort of bizarre Trump-world word soup. Did you see the news? I m now the Republican President and come November, I m gonna be voted Captain America.  Drumpf says out his pouting mouth, set as it is upon an unnaturally orange face.Obama begrudgingly congratulates the tangerine tycoon on his victory in Indiana, and his becoming the presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States. Of course, Drumpf is little confused about exactly what makes the Hoosier state great. I love Indiana. The birthplace of Indiana Jones. Obama lets the gaffe slide, choosing instead to keep it classy and acknowledge Trump s success. I ve gotta admit, it was a big win.  he says, to which Drumpf responds. It was. And when I m in charge, America s gonna start winning, and winning bigly Yes, that last word was just spontaneously invented by Drumpf   like President George Dubya Bush and Sarah Palin before him   Donald Trump has seemingly made a campaign platform out of bad English.Obama calls him to task on the word, asking him if he just actually said  Bigly , for real. But Drumpf is unashamed. That s right, bigly. And I m gonna be the bestest, most fantasticest President ever. It s gonna be yuuuuugical. You can see the rest of the brilliant sketch in the video below.Whatever happens now, one thing is certain, the Republican party is paying the price of inciting fear and prejudice into its supporters. The GOP has turned itself into a party of extremist bigots, led by an extremist bigot. It has become a parody of its own worst elements.",News,"May 6, 2016",0
WHOSE CONVENTION SPEECH HAD MORE VIEWERS?…The Answer May Surprise You [VIDEO],"It would appear American voters are more interested in what the Republican party has to say about the future of our nation than the out-of-control Democrat Party driven by the Saul Alinsky disciples of chaos, division and hate It was like a political Coachella last night at the Democratic National Convention   and not just because Lenny Kravitz was playing. With star turns from Vice President Joe Biden and then primetime performances from VP hopeful Tim Kaine and then President Barack Obama himself, the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia was rocking    even more so when nominee Hillary Clinton made an onstage appearance at the very end to hug it out with POTUS   though it didn t lead to ratings fireworks it seems in the early numbers.An estimated 24.2 million viewers watched the president address the crowd in the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia Wednesday night.Those numbers are 18 percent lower compared to the ratings Ted Cruz got when he spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last week. This is the first time the RNC coverage has outperformed the DNC.The numbers are surprising considering Joe Biden, Tim Kaine and Obama were the speakers Wednesday.   Daily CallerHighlights of controversial Ted Cruz RNC speech: Even with all the big names onstage last night, convention-to-convention, the combined rating of the DNC stumbled against Donald Trump and the RNC. Day 3 in Philadelphia was down 18% in the fast affiliates key demo from the drama of Day 3 in Cleveland when Ted Cruz refused to endorse the candidate and running mate Mike Pence spoke.   DeadlineAnd here are a few highlights from Barack Obama s speech last night: ",left-news,"Jul 28, 2016",0
Trump tax plan faces rockier road after bruising healthcare loss,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House will take a lead role in crafting legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax code, eyeing an August target date as President Donald Trump seeks his first legislative victory following the failure last week of a long-promised bill to undo Obamacare. Trump’s pledge to cut taxes, including a lowering of the rates paid by corporations, was a pillar of his 2016 presidential campaign and provided much of the fuel for the heady stock market rally that followed his Nov. 8 victory. The White House said on Monday it was moving ahead with tax reform, calling it a “huge priority” for the Republican president and “something that he feels very strongly about.” “Obviously, we’re driving the train on this,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said during a briefing, adding, “We’re going to work with Congress on this.” Spicer noted that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has talked about August as a target date for tax legislation, but said the timetable could slip depending on how quickly a consensus could be reached. Getting a broad tax bill passed by Congress and on Trump’s desk to be signed into law will not be easy, especially after intra-party differences torpedoed the healthcare legislation, after the Trump administration fiercely lobbied for it. Republicans for seven years had promised to dismantle  Democratic former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, and the Trump administration made it its top priority when Trump took office in January. But the effort collapsed on Friday when members of the Freedom Caucus, the most conservative lawmakers of the House of Representatives, refused to support the bill, which was also backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan. The stinging defeat alarmed investors who began reassessing the chances for passage of the tax agenda this year. Major U.S. stock indexes opened sharply lower on Monday before paring losses, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 ending only moderately down.  House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, the top House Republican tasked with tax reform, said over the weekend that the White House should start with proposals already in the House instead of crafting a separate bill. “My point is that the Trump tax plan and the House Republican plan started at 80 percent the same. It think it’s grown to 90 percent or better,” Brady told reporters on Monday. “I think it’s critical for the White House and Republicans in Congress to agree on pro-growth tax reform together and move forward together as well,” he added.  Analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch predicted in a research note that a tax bill, “if passed at all, could be a very watered-down version of current proposals.” The White House over the weekend dangled the idea of a compromise tax restructuring that could win support from moderate Democrats. White House chief of staff Reince Priebus on Sunday said such a package could include middle-class tax cuts. Spicer on Monday remained vague on how much Trump would allow the federal deficit to grow as a result of the tax cuts. “It’s a really early question to be asking at this point,” Spicer said. The U.S. tax code has not undergone a major overhaul since 1986, during the administration of Republican President Ronald Reagan. Democratic Senator Christopher Coons signaled his party would be open to discussing tax legislation if it was not merely a giveaway to the rich. Democrats had fought former President George W. Bush’s tax policies for that reason.  “If we have a move toward tax reform that could strengthen manufacturing, strengthen our exports and provide tax relief to the middle-class - not overwhelmingly to the wealthiest - there’s a menu for us to start talking about it,” the Delaware senator told MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program. Although winning over Democrats may be tough, the alternative - getting Republicans to vote as a bloc - could be a hard road in light of the healthcare rebellion by Republican lawmakers. “Trump is stuck. He can’t cajole the arch conservatives in the Republican Party, and at the same time, my sense is the Democrats don’t want to throw him a bone either, so it is going to be difficult,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago. One Republican lawmaker, Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, suggested Congress focus first on such things as getting a “realistic budget” done and passing legislation to raise the national debt ceiling. “And then start on tax reform,” Cole told MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program. “But start with real hearings and start in a way that everybody at least at the outset is a potential player.”  Representative Ted Poe of Texas, who resigned from the Freedom Caucus after the healthcare debacle, said that getting an infrastructure spending package - another key piece of Trump’s legislative agenda intended to spur economic growth - through Congress will be no “slam dunk.” “It’s going to be very, very difficult,” Poe told CNN’s “New Day” program. ",politicsNews,"March 27, 2017 ",1
"WATCH: How TRUMP Is Brilliantly CRUSHING HILLARY’S Phony Woman Card, Exposing BERNIE’S Socialist Agenda And Embarrassing Anti-Trump #AngerBabies","As the #NeverTrump movement has become officially irrelevant, our hilarious friend Joe Dan Gorman of Intellectual Froglegs puts the state of Trump s winning campaign into perspective for Americans #NeverTrump is fading into the sunset  now relegated to a few tassel loafered pockets of resistance .and social media trollers. The Anger babies, if you will (a phrase coined by my friend Anthony Adams, I liked it so I stole it). These folks like Ben Shapiro, Bill Kristol, Paul Ryan, etc  believe themselves to be intellectually superior to all of us. They represent purist of the pure  the self-appointed guardians of conservatism, who for the most part are the biggest hypocrites on the planet.First.. where was their little #NeverRomney when we were forced to vote for the Grandfather of Obamacare? Or #NeverMcCain?Apparently McCain-Feingold didn t infringe on our first amendment TOO much. Via- Intellectual FroglegsThe Trump Train has officially left the station. Get on or get out of the way. Trump is winning. It s all he knows how to do. Either America accepts Hillary and Bernie s radical agenda for America, which includes gun control, as well as the loss of our First, and several other precious Amendments, or we support a man who is passionate about saving our nation from the evils of globalism and Socialism.#NeverHillary#NeverBernieIf you like  LOVE Intellectual Froglegs videos as much as we do, consider giving Joe Dan Gorman (the guy who s in the video and works so hard to create these great illustrations that capture the true state of our nation) a donation HERE.",left-news,"May 24, 2016",0
Former Navy SEAL and Harvard Grad “Body-Slams” #FakeNews CNN Host [VIDEO],"Former Navy SEAL and GOP Rep. Scott Taylor, R-Va., body-slammed #FakeNews CNN in an interview on Monday saying that they and the rest of the liberal media are  getting played  by President Donald Trump. He criticizes them for covering his tweets and not focussing on the  real issues .  I think every time he does this you guys overreact   and I say you guys, I mean the media in general. You guys play right into his hands. You guys are playing right into his hands. You overreact, and then he s able to use that politically,  Taylor said.  You ve got to start reporting on news. This is not really news.  He said the media needs to  talk about real issues . You re falling into a trap by covering tweets all the time. There s a lot of news out there  There s a lot of focus on health care, a lot of focus on veterans, a lot of focus on the South China Sea. There s a lot of news out there to cover. Source: Washington Examiner",Government News,"Jul 4, 2017",0
"Iranians fear economic hardship, but united against Trump","ANKARA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s hardened stance towards Iran evoked a mixture of indifference and national pride among Iranians on Saturday but many were concerned about economic hardship should a multinational nuclear deal unravel. In a major shift in U.S. foreign policy, Trump said on Friday he might ultimately terminate the 2015 agreement that lifted sanctions in return for Tehran rolling back technologies with nuclear bomb-making potential. [nL2N1MO0DH]  Who the hell is Trump to threaten Iran and Iranians? Of course we don t want economic hardship, but it does not mean we will be their puppet and do whatever they say,  said housewife Minou Khosravani, 37, a mother of two in the central city of Yazd. Within minutes of Trump s speech, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani went live on state television, ruling out any renegotiation of the deal Iran signed with major powers. He also signaled Iran would withdraw from the agreement if it failed to preserve Tehran s interests.  Tired of economic adversity during years of tough sanctions over Iran s nuclear programme, many Iranians still fervently back the decision by Iran s clerical rulers to resist U.S. pressure.    I am not a regime supporter. But I side with Iran s rulers against Trump and his illogical pressure on Iran,  said hairdresser Ziba Ghanbari, 42, when contacted by Reuters in the northern city of Rasht. Iranians around the globe took to social media in anger.  Former official Mostafa Tjzadeh, who spent seven years as a prisoner of conscience in Iran, tweeted:  One nation, One message: No to #Trump. We are in this together.    Long on rhetoric, short on substance,  tweeted Niloofar Ghadiri, a journalist in Tehran.  Iranian authorities say 15 percent of the country s workforce is unemployed. Many formal jobs pay a pittance, meaning the true figure of people without adequate work to support themselves is probably far higher.  Lack of foreign investment, if more sanctions are imposed, will deepen the unemployment crisis. Currency exchange shops are refusing to sell U.S. dollars because of the uncertainty as the rial has lost value in the past days. Iranians fear new sanctions will also see the price of food, including rice, bread and dairy products, rise.   My worry is that the economy will go back to the sanctions era when we had difficulties to find essential food and even medicine. I want my son to have a good life,  said elementary school teacher Gholamali Part, 43, in Tehran. To improve Iran s economy, Rouhani has rolled out the red carpet for global investors since sanctions were suspended. But so far only a few major European investors have returned to Iran s market, including planemaker Airbus, French energy group Total and Germany s Siemens.  Others are deterred mainly by a separate raft of sanctions Washington continues to impose in retaliation for what it calls Tehran s support for terrorism and human rights abuses. Iran denies involvement in terrorism. The nuclear deal was also signed by China, France, Russia, Britain, Germany and the European Union. Despite assurances by other signatories over their continued commitment, European companies could think twice about involvement in Iran if the deal cannot survive. Hossein, like millions of Iranians who bore the brunt of the sanctions, has no high hopes.  We are going to be sanctioned again,  said Hossein, who declined to give his full name. Inflation has dropped to single digits since Rouhani was first elected in 2013, but he has failed to tackle high unemployment and the gap between rich and poor is widening. The hardline daily Kayhan, which campaigned against the deal during 18-months of the nuclear talks, wrote:  Trump keeps the nuclear pact: advantages for America, restrictions for us!  In a report headlined  Mr Blunder s isolation , the moderate Arman daily wrote:  A rare unanimity supports Iran in the World  is the closest definition of the mood after Trump s speech last night.  Some Iranians are indifferent.  I don t care. Will there be holidays if the deal fails? That is important because I can go on a holiday with my friends,  said Arjang Bakhtiari, 19, whose family owns factories in several cities.  Trump s decision in effect leaves the fate of the deal up to the U.S. Congress, which might try to modify it or bring back U.S. sanctions previously imposed on Iran. The failure of the deal could be politically tricky for Rouhani, its chief architect, who has been criticized by the country s utmost power, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, for the country s slow pace of economic recovery. Khamenei cautiously backed the deal, but has repeatedly expressed pessimism about the United States remaining committed to it. The economic problems caused by the U.S. pressure could weaken Rouhani s stance in Iran s faction-ridden and complex establishment. ",worldnews,"October 14, 2017 ",1
Honduras opposition candidate calls on U.S. not to recognize election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Honduran opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla called on United States on Tuesday not to recognize results announced in his country s presidential election and to suspend aid until a new vote can be held. Speaking at news conference in Washington, Nasralla accused his opponent, U.S.-friendly President Juan Orlando Hernandez, of holding on to power illegally after gross fraud in the Nov. 26 poll. Hernandez declared himself president elect on Tuesday despite a call for new elections by the Organization of American States (OAS) that followed allegations of fraud and deadly protests. ",worldnews,"December 19, 2017 ",1
Turkey no longer needs EU membership but won't quit talks - Erdogan,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey no longer needs to join the European Union but will not unilaterally abandon the stalled EU accession talks, President Tayyip Erdogan told parliament on Sunday.  We will not be the side which gives up. To tell the truth, we don t need EU membership any more,  Erdogan said.  Turkey s 12-year-long accession talks have ground to a halt, with the EU especially critical of Ankara s crackdown following a failed coup last year. Tens of thousands of people including teachers and journalists have been detained. Erdogan s government says EU states failed to appreciate the gravity of the threat which Turkey faced, and did not respond to requests to extradite coup suspects.  The EU failed us in a fight against terrorism,  Erdogan said on Sunday, though he also suggested the bloc still needed Turkey.  If the EU is going to leap forward, there is only one way to do so. And it is to grant Turkey membership and start an action of cultural and economic growth,  Erdogan said. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in an election debate last month it was clear Turkey should not join the EU and entry talks should end, despite it being a crucial NATO ally. ",worldnews,"October 1, 2017 ",1
"Bahrain's Shi'ite spiritual leader undergoes surgery, activists say","DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain s top Shi ite Muslim cleric underwent surgery on Friday, activists said, after he was hospitalized following months under virtual house arrest. News of Ayatollah Isa Qassim s fragile health has stoked tension in Bahrain as the Sunni Muslim-led monarchy pursues a crackdown on dissent by majority Shi ites.  The leading Shia cleric was transferred this morning at 7:30 am to Ibn al-Nafees Hospital to undergo urgent surgery,  the London-based Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy (BIRD) said in a statement.  Upon his arrival, he went into surgery and he is expecting further operations.  Qassim, who is believed to be in his 70s, was suffering constant pain and excreting blood, citing a groin hernia, diabetes and a form of heart disease, the group said on Nov 27. The Interior Ministry said in June 2016 that Qassim s citizenship had been revoked, accusing him of trying to divide Bahraini society, encourage youths to violate the constitution and promote a sectarian environment in the Gulf Arab state. The decision sparked angry protests in Bahrain and drew sharp condemnation from regional Shi ite power Iran and statements of concern from the United States and Britain. In May, five people were killed when security forces raided Qassim s homevillage to disperse followers. The Sunni-ruled kingdom   where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based   has pursued a crackdown on members of the Shi ite community since, with Saudi help, it quashed 2011  Arab Spring  protests calling for more rights and representation. Authorities have closed opposition political groupings, revoked dissidents  passports and arrested suspected militants accused of being backed by its arch-foe, Shi ite Iran. ",worldnews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
DRUDGE THREATENS HILLARY…He’s About To Drop Bombshell About Her “Sex Stuff”,"Poor old Crooked Hillary the hits are coming faster than she can lie her way out of them Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report has warned Hillary Clinton that he s about to drop a bombshell about her  sex stuff  Saturday morning.https://twitter.com/DRUDGE/status/787326951920902144 Oh, on the sex stuff. Hillary is about to get hers ,  Drudge said in a tweet.Drudge tweeted a picture of Clinton on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, where she appeared Friday in her first interview following the second presidential debate with Donald Trump.The  sex stuff  Drudge is referring to concerns Clinton s sexuality, which the London Times and several other foreign newspapers brought into question back in 2007 when Clinton was accused of having an affair with her aide Huma Abedin.The Clinton campaign responded to these reports, saying that the reports were  ridiculous  and not to be taken seriously. This does not even qualify as tabloid trash  it s ridiculous and reckless,  a Clinton aide said to The Week.A rumor circulated in the 1990s saying that Clinton was secretly okay with her husband s extramarital affairs because she was secretly a lesbian, but there has been no truth to the rumor.This isn t the first time Clinton has been accused of cheating on her husband. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Oct 17, 2016",0
Trump Sets The Record Straight On Border Wall And Amnesty For Illegals [Video],"President Trump visited areas in Florida hurt by Hurricane Irma today and spoke out on building a wall at our southern border. People on both sides of the aisle went nuts over news reports of no wall and a deal on DACA. President Trump:  Ultimately, we have to have the wall. If we don t have the wall, we re doing nothing, Ultimately, we have to have the wall. If we don t have the wall, we re doing nothing,  Pres. Trump says https://t.co/QnXQnxARjk pic.twitter.com/N6HRyjlouD  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017He also chimed in on whether there was a deal on DACA amnesty as speculated by both sides of the aisle. Last night, there was some confusion on what had been agreed upon about the two issues after it was reported a deal had been made between President Trump and Democrat leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer There was no deal. They didn t say they had a deal. There was no deal. They didn t say they had a deal,  Pres. Trump says of meeting with Nancy Pelosi & Chuck Schumer https://t.co/QnXQnxARjk pic.twitter.com/rN8ZvKZeYd  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017But then President Trump said this Huh? A work program without citizenship? Is this kind of a purgatory for illegals?""We're not looking at citizenship, we're not looking at amnesty. We're looking at allowing people to stay here,"" Pres. Trump says pic.twitter.com/6eOWjdcRQG  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017 But,but,but then Nancy Pelosi chimes in with this: Is everyone totally confused yet? I do believe there is an understanding that down the road, there is an eventual path to citizenship in the DREAM Act,  Pelosi says pic.twitter.com/VrUN2XQRM1  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017 ",left-news,"Sep 14, 2017",0
Judge blocks Obama rule extending overtime pay to 4.2 million U.S. workers,"(Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday blocked an Obama administration rule to extend mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million salaried workers from taking effect, imperiling one of the outgoing president’s signature achievements for boosting wages. U.S. District Judge Amos Mazzant, in Sherman, Texas, agreed with 21 states and a coalition of business groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, that the rule is unlawful and granted their motion for a nationwide injunction.  The rule, issued by the Labor Department, was to take effect Dec. 1 and would have doubled to $47,500 the maximum salary a worker can earn and still be eligible for mandatory overtime pay. The new threshold would have been the first significant change in four decades. It was expected to touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy and have the greatest impact on nonprofit groups, retail companies, hotels and restaurants, which have many management workers whose salaries are below the new threshold. The states and business groups claimed in lawsuits filed in September, which were later consolidated, that the drastic increase in the salary threshold was arbitrary. On Tuesday, Mazzant, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, ruled that the federal law governing overtime does not allow the Labor Department to decide which workers are eligible based on salary levels alone. The Fair Labor Standards Act says that employees can be exempt from overtime if they perform executive, administrative or professional duties, but the rule “creates essentially a de facto salary-only test,” Mazzant wrote in the 20-page ruling. The states and business groups that challenged the rule applauded the decision. Nevada Attorney General Adam Paul Laxalt said in a statement that the ruling “reinforces the importance of the rule of law and constitutional government.” The Labor Department said it strongly disagrees with the decision. It remains confident that the entire rule is legal, and it is currently considering its options, department spokesman Jason Surbey said. The Labor Department can appeal to the New Orleans, Louisiana-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, but that court has stymied the Obama administration before, blocking Obama’s executive actions on immigration in 2015. In any case, the Labor Department could drop the appeal after Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January. In August, Trump told the website Circa that the overtime rule was an example of the type of burdensome business regulations he would seek to roll back as president, perhaps by exempting small businesses or delaying implementation. Even if the rule survived the legal challenge, it could be upended by legislation passed by Congress or withdrawn by Trump’s Department of Labor.   U.S. Chamber of Commerce official Randy Johnson said in a statement that the rule would have been costly and disruptive to businesses. But Ross Eisenbrey of the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, which supported the rule, called the decision “extreme and unsupportable.” “It is also a disappointment to millions of workers who are forced to work long hours with no extra compensation, and is a blow to those Americans who care deeply about raising wages and lessening inequality,” Eisenbrey said in a statement. The case is Nevada v. U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, No. 16-cv-731. ",politicsNews,"November 22, 2016 ",1
FBI Director Comey’s ‘Leaked’ Memo Explains Why He’s Reopening the Clinton Email Case,"21st Century Wire says 21WIRE reported on Friday about the FBI s surprising announcement that it would be reopening the Clinton email case due to new evidence of  classified information  found on sex cheat Anthony Weiner s (newly estranged husband of Clinton chief aid Huma Abedin)  computer which was subject to a seperate investigation. Will this really yield anything significant in the 10 days running-up to the Nov 8th election, or is this just clever Democrat party smoke and mirrors? It seems that Washington s political tricksters have already sprung into action After Comey s shock announcement, a leaked  memo appeared out of nowhere, supplied to Fox News, in which Comey and the FBI seem to be going through a routine set of prescribed political moves designed to implement damage control. ELITE CIRCLES: FBI head James Comey and friend Hillary Clinton.Certainly, a desperate Democratic Party, and an even more desperate Obama White House (over the last 3 weeks, Obama and his wife Michelle have been out campaigning more that Hillary Clinton herself), could be pressuring or nudging the FBI on this volatile issue which could easily tilt a close presidential race against Donald Trump. Aside from the obvious potential of another Clinton scandal, yesterday s FBI move could also be a prelude to the following possible scenarios:NOTE: Despite calls from the Clinton camp for FBI to disclose what they have (which they cannot by law anyway, you d think Hillary would have already known that), it is highly unlikely that the FBI will release any real specifics before the election   if they have anything at all. It s just too early to tell. SEE ALSO: FBI James Comey was board member of HSBC   Clinton Foundation & Drug Cartel  bank of choice The FBI director stoked outrage last month when he announced that he would not recommend the Justice Department seek an indictment against Clinton or any of the other parties to the investigation   allowing Clinton to dodge any criminal probe before the election   despite the fact that Comey stated to a Congressional investigative committee that Clinton was  extremely careless,  and that Clinton openly lied about her handling classified information on her unsecured private server throughout her tenure as the US Secretary of State.Zero Hedge adds: Now, it is the democrats turn to rage at Comey and the FBI, although Comey likely did not have much choice: had he kept the information secret, it certainly would have leaked as we predicted; as such his best recourse was to come clean, although many have speculated about the cryptic nature of the disclosure. Needless to say, all Comey would need to do to regain the Demcorats  trust and favor is to announce in just a few days that nothing material has been found and that the second probe is also over. Here is  leaked  (aka  just covering my ass) memo from FBI director James Comey:Watch this space.  Here is a highlight reel of Hillary Clinton lying on at least 5 occasions when asked direct questions about her illegal private email server:   . READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"October 29, 2016",0
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION: Teachers Should Incorporate Islam In More Subjects,"Does anyone in recent history remember the US Department of Education asking educators to place more emphasis on Christianity or Judaism in their curriculums? Yeah neither do we As parents across the country storm school board meetings over a perceived overemphasis on Islam in the curriculum, bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. are suggesting ways teachers can focus more on the religion.A recent blog posted to Home Room,  The official blog of the U.S. Department of Education,  points out that terrorist attacks in Paris and California sparked anti-Muslim incidents in schools and other places.Muslim students, and those perceived to be Muslim, could be bullied, and the government wants teachers to know how to  create an anti-bias learning environment  by focusing specifically on those students and their faith. This means incorporating the experiences, perspective and words of Muslim people into the curriculum through social studies and current events instruction, children s literature, in order to learn about different cultures,  the blog reads. When you teach about world religions, be sure to include Islam.   It s also important to be aware that some Muslim students may feel relieved and comfortable discussing these issues in class and others may feel nervous, scared or angry to be talking about a topic so close to home. The education experts   authors Jinnie Spiegler, director of curriculum with the Anti-Defamation League, and Sarah Sisaye of the Education Department s Office of Safe and Healthy Students   suggest that teachers pick controversial current events  ripe with examples of bias and injustice  to highlight anti-Muslim discrimination, and to  discuss what actions (students) could take to make a difference. Teachers should also take it upon themselves to spread awareness about  Muslim cultural traditions  by encouraging events like Hijab days, when female students wear the Islamic religious scarf donned by their Muslim classmates. The education experts provided a link to a YouTube video of an event at Vernon Hills High School in December as an example.Meanwhile, in places like Tennessee, state officials are reviewing curriculum early amid a barrage of complaints about questionable lessons on Islam in middle school history courses. Parents have highlighted lessons that required students to read, write and recite the Islamic conversion prayer; and pointed out the disproportionate amount of time students spend studying Islam versus other religions.Parents have also questioned the accuracy of texts that suggest Christians and Muslims worship the same God and that Islam is a  religion of peace,  EAGnews reports. A lot of the things we hear about Muhammad and a lot of the warfare that was waged is very much sugar coated,  Williamson County School Board member Susan Curlee said at a December town hall. My concern is, are we going to be asking students on a test to potentially compromise their faith for the sake of a grade?  she questioned.Also in December, parents in Greenville, Virginia raised objections to a world geography lesson at Riverheads High School that tasked students with copying the Islamic conversion prayer in Arabic, by hand. The intent, according to the lesson, is to  give you an idea of the artistic complexity of calligraphy,  The Shilling Show reports.The lesson doesn t appear to explain what the shahada or  Islamic statement of faith  is exactly    There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah    but it does discuss the inspiring beauty of the Koran.And it s those types of lessons that are sparking a backlash from parents across the country, from lawsuits in Maryland to proposed legislation in Tennessee, centered on what many view as Muslim  indoctrination  through curriculum.A bias toward Islam is one of the reasons Tyler County Board of Education President Bonnie Henthorn decided to homeschool her children, rather than allow them continue in public schools, the Charleston Gazette-Mail reports.And while the Education Department blog stresses the importance of creating classrooms that are  free from discrimination and harassment based on protected traits   including religion,  it offers no suggestions for teachers struggling to explain to parents why government approved texts and associated lessons focus more on Islam than other religions. Via: EAG News",politics,"Feb 15, 2016",0
Russia risks decades of low growth under U.S. sanctions: Putin adviser,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia risks being saddled with U.S. sanctions for decades, curbing economic growth and preventing it from regaining its status as a leading economic power, an adviser to President Vladimir Putin said in an interview. Alexei Kudrin told Reuters that the current proposed tightening of sanctions in Washington should not have any serious impact. But he called for a major structural reform program after the 2018 presidential election. He said that was the only way for Russia to return to growth of more than 2 percent a year. Putin has not yet said whether he will run for re-election next year, but is widely expected to do so and to win what would be a fourth term as president. Putin has tasked Kudrin, who has known Putin since they worked together in the St Petersburg Mayor’s Office in the 1990s, with devising a strategy to lift Russian economic growth after 2018. Whereas Putin oversaw several years of growth in excess of 5 percent in his early presidential terms, the Russian economy suffered two years of contraction in 2015 and 2016 and is forecast to grow by a little over 1 percent this year. In May GDP rose by 3.1 percent year on year, but that pace is not expected to last. The slowdown has put Putin under pressure. U.S. lawmakers earlier this week voted to impose new sanctions on Russia — on top of earlier penalties over its role in the Ukraine conflict — and Kudrin said the mood in Washington meant it would be difficult for U.S. President Donald Trump to ease sanctions in future. “In its current form the tightening of sanctions under discussion wouldn’t seriously affect the Russian economy, there aren’t serious changes with the version that exists. But the hope that sanctions would be canceled in the coming years has now faded,” Kudrin said. “We are likely to end up with the story with the old Jackson-Vanik amendment — even when all the conditions had already changed, they couldn’t cancel it,” he said. Jackson-Vanik, a 1974 provision to a U.S. federal law that punished former Communist bloc countries for restricting human rights, was only repealed in 2012 under previous U.S. President Barack Obama. It was a major sticking point in relations between Moscow and Washington. Trump was widely perceived to be the Kremlin’s favored candidate in last year’s U.S. presidential race, and his White House victory raised hopes in Moscow that sanctions could be relaxed as early as this year. But Trump’s administration has since become bogged down in investigations into possible ties between his campaign and Russia. Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia, which flatly denies allegations it meddled in the U.S. vote. Kudrin, who served as finance minister from 2000 to 2011, won praise from foreign investors for building up Russia’s formidable fiscal buffers during an era of high oil prices. He  was one of relatively few liberal voices among top officials. He now heads the Centre for Strategic Research, an analytical group founded on Putin’s initiative to draft policy ideas. Kudrin said Western sanctions in their current configuration were knocking off around 0.5 percent from Russian gross domestic product, down from 1 percent in the year after they were introduced in 2014. Russia had a “window of opportunity” after the 2018 election in which to enact meaningful reforms to counteract the effects of sanctions, he said. But for now a populist camp around Putin appeared to have the upper hand over those calling for reform. “To what extent the president will use that [window], we don’t know,” Kudrin said. “After previous elections that window for reforms wasn’t used.” Among the reforms Kudrin is calling for are greater public control over law enforcement officials, raising the retirement age, reducing government stakes in large companies, and improving revenue collection from the shadow economy. He said he thought the state should sell government stakes in Russian oil companies in stages over the next six to 10 years, and that it could sell a portion of its majority holding in the country’s largest bank Sberbank in the same time period. With such reforms, Kudrin said Russia could increase its economic growth rate to 3-4 percent in five to six years, even with sanctions staying in place. Without reforms, Russia will not notice the damage from sanctions before it is too late, he said. “In the next six to seven years we could not notice the decline in the areas of productivity and technological development. In the end we will see it, because others will grow faster, but by then it will be difficult to change something.” ",politicsNews,"July 27, 2017 ",1
BREAKING NEWS: US Navy Strike Group Is Moving Toward Korean Peninsula As Show Of Force [VIDEO],"The U.S. bombardment of a Syrian airbase just outside of Homs Friday was likely seen by North Korea as a clear warning that President Trump will use his military if United States interests are at risk.The immediate focus after the strikes was on Russia s Vladimir Putin s reaction. Russia was not happy with the U.S., it spoke in defense of Syria and moved warships. But now the attention is on the next move by another world leader: Kim Jong-Un.Gordon Chang, a Daily Beast columnist and author of  Nuclear Showdown: North Korea Takes On The World,  said in an emailed statement to Fox News Friday that the U.S. strike on the Syrian airfield  tells North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un that he must now heed American military power, something that he probably dismissed before. Kim s father, Kim Jong Il, disappeared from public view for about six weeks in 2003 at the time of the Iraq war. Kim Jong-Un loves the public spotlight, and it will be telling if he similarly goes into hiding,  the author said.   FOX NewsBREAKING: A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea s advancing weapons program.Earlier this month North Korea tested a liquid-fueled Scud missile which only traveled a fraction of its range.The strike group, called Carl Vinson, includes an aircraft carrier and will make its way from Singapore toward the Korean peninsula, according to the official, who was not authorized to speak to the media and requested anonymity. We feel the increased presence is necessary,  the official said, citing North Korea s worrisome behavior.The news was first reported by Reuters.In a statement late Saturday, the U.S. Navy s Third Fleet said the strike group had been directed to sail north, but it did not specify the destination. The military vessels will operate in the Western Pacific rather than making previously planned port visits to Australia, it added.This year North Korean officials, including leader Kim Jong Un, have repeatedly indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming, possibly as soon as April 15, the 105th birthday of North Korea s founding president and celebrated annually as  the Day of the Sun. Read more: Reuters",Government News,"Apr 9, 2017",0
Trump vice presidential search narrowed to four or five politicians,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday said he had narrowed his search for a vice presidential running mate down to four or five unnamed establishment politicians, including one former rival who has not endorsed him, according to a Bloomberg interview.  “I’d like to save it, give it the old fashioned way, right?” Trump said of not announcing his choice until the Republican National Convention in July. ",politicsNews,"June 8, 2016 ",1
Russia says regrets over U.S. moves on consulate closure,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov expressed regret during a phone call with his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson about Washington s move to close down Moscow s San Francisco consulate and two other annexes, his ministry said.   Moscow will closely study the new measures announced by the Americans, after which our reaction will be conveyed,  Russian foreign ministry said in a statement. ",worldnews,"August 31, 2017 ",1
US Advising Soldiers to Be ‘Less Masculine’ as Military Tries to Curb Flood of Sexual Harassment Cases,"170619-N-AA175-092..SAN DIEGO (June 19, 2017) Command Master Chief (Ret.) Kathleen Henson, from Midland, Mich.,, center, and USS Makin Island (LHD 8) Sailors cut a cake during the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month observance. Makin Island is homeported in San Diego. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Eric Zeak   Published at Wikicommons)21st Century Wire says While military forces are fighting one enemy in the theatre of combat, another multi-front culture war is also being fought within their institutions. According to a recent report in Military.com, US military lawyers have begun speaking about how sexual assault cases are flooding the military courts   threatening to break the back of the military s legal system, and perhaps radically alter the institutional culture.After the release of the documentary,  The Invisible War,  the issue of sexual assault in the military has again been thrust into the national spotlight, claiming that 1 in 5 U.S. female veterans have sustained some form of sexual assault.The issue of sexual assault in the US military first rose to national prominence in 1992 with the emergence of the infamous  Tailhook Scandal. One likely reason for this new spike in reported cases could be because each military service branch has recently implemented new  awareness programs  as well as  sexual assault prevention  campaigns   which actively encourage female troops to report anything they might feel constitutes sexual harassment or a constitutes a sexual assault.This also comes at a time where the US military has undergone the gradual process of becoming more  gay friendly  in order to advance  issues of equality  and to cater for its growing ranks of LGBT service men and women.Military.com explains how the new liberal progressive agenda may be adversely affecting operations: Military lawyers said the Pentagon leadership has the right intentions, but these prevention campaigns have flooded military court rooms with so many sexual assault cases, it s made it harder to prosecute guilty sexual predators.Prosecutors lack witnesses or strong evidence in the majority of cases, making it hard to yield a conviction, said Michael Waddington, a military defense lawyer and former judge advocate in the Army. He sees too many cases that involve alcohol and depend on hearsay.The military has the resources to take many sexual assault cases to court, said Philip Cave, a military defense lawyer and retired Navy lawyer. Waddington estimated that ninety percent of the sexual assault cases taken to court-martial would be thrown out in a civilian court because of a lack of evidence.As a result, the military are now trying various other different initiatives to try and cope with a problem which to have spun out of control.RT International reports Promoting empathy and cracking down on hypermasculinity may help the Department of Defense to reduce unwanted sexual behavior and improve combat readiness, a new government report on sexual violence in the military says.Unwanted sexual behaviors   such as sexual harassment, sexual assault, and domestic violence    undermine core values, unit cohesion, combat readiness, and public goodwill, says the report, published this month by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and signed by Brenda Farrell, director of defense capabilities and management.The report pointed out that  interconnected, inappropriate behaviors  are part of a  continuum of harm  that creates a climate conducive to sexual harassment, assault and violence. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2017 expanded the definition of sexual harassment in the military beyond sex discrimination, to make it  an adverse behavior on the spectrum of behavior that can contribute to an increase in the incidence of sexual assault.  Both the Pentagon and the separate service branches have yet to update their policies to reflect this new definition, the GAO found.The report also urged the Pentagon to incorporate the guidelines for preventing and dealing with sexual violence developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).The Pentagon is ignoring risk factors identified by the CDC such as  alcohol and drug use, hypermasculinity, emotionally unsupportive family environments, general tolerance of sexual violence within the community, and societal norms that support male superiority and sexual entitlement,  the report says.NEWPORT, R.I. (Oct. 29, 2010) Gunnery Sgt. Duncan Hurst encourages an officer candidate to properly perform pushups during the first week of the 12-week Officer Candidate School at Naval Station Newport. Hurst is one of 12 Marine Drill Instructors who train the candidates in military bearing, discipline, drill and physical fitness. (U. S. Navy photo by Scott A. Thornbloom/Released). Also ignored by the DoD are protective factors such as  emotional health and connectedness, and empathy and concern for how one s actions affect others. CDC s research has also established that survivors of one form of violence are more likely to be victims of other forms of violence, that survivors of violence are at higher risk for behaving violently, and that people who behave violently are more likely to commit other forms of violence,  the GAO report notes, apparently seeking to make a distinction between violence in authorized military conflict and personal violence.Noting that the DoD instructed the services in 2014 to develop mechanisms for reporting incidents of sexual harassment anonymously, the GAO said that such mechanisms are not yet part of the department-wide sexual violence policies.Additionally, each service branch uses a different database format to record formal complaints of sexual harassment   the Navy uses Excel spreadsheets, for example. While the GAO does not go as far as to recommend a single database, the report does advocate  improving and standardizing data collection  so that the Department of Defense can  further develop its understanding of the connection between unwanted sexual behaviors. Having a single standard across service branches would also be helpful, the GAO report says, noting that the US Marine Corps (USMC) updated its standards of conduct in May. The USMC made the change in response to the  Marines United  scandal, where current and former members posted nude photos of female recruits in a Facebook group, along with disparaging comments. While the Marines now consider posting nude photos of others without consent to be harassment, other service branches do not as of yet.The GAO report comes at a time of renewed interest in sexual harassment in the US. Accusations of improper behavior have forced a number of Hollywood celebrities, media executives and members of Congress to resign or be removed from public life.In 2015, the Obama administration lifted restrictions on having women in combat roles and set a deadline for allowing openly transgender troops to serve. In July this year, President Donald Trump said he would not allow transgender people to serve  in any capacity,  citing  tremendous medical costs and disruption  to the military. The matter is currently being fought over in the courts.So far, only men are required to register for potential draft ( Selective Service ) under US law. Attempts to expand the requirement to women have failed to get enough votes in Congress.See more at RTREAD THE FULL US GOV T G.A.O. REPORT HEREIn addition to new measures meant to mitigate the rise in sexual assault claims, general dictates on gender neutral language are also being rolled out apparently to protect vulnerable minority members of the armed service from being offended or  triggered.  This institutional trend is not limited to the US, as the institutional march of political correctness and its weaponization of gender identity politics is making its way through Great Britain s armed forces too   where phrases such as  mankind ,  chaps  and  sportsmanship  have now been banned.The UK Mail Online says:  The guide suggests the word  chaps  be swapped for the words  people ,  friends ,  folks  or  you all . The phrase  gentleman s agreement  has also be banned. Now, soldiers must use the term  unwritten agreement . Instead of  sportsmanship  members of the force are encouraged to say  fairness .     The two-page guide was compiled by the Joint Equality Diversity and Inclusion unit   which has earned the nickname of Jedi. Many LGBT servicewomen believe the US military is  too male-oriented  (Image: Pinterest).As pc cleric cluture takes over the military s management through the leveraging of radical progressive power-politics, people should be aware that this tactic actually designed to break down existing institutions and rearrange the internal power structure.It s no surprise then why the Russians are resisting Soros-funded political colonization in their country, which Moscow has correctly identified as subterfuge   through the clear exploitation of these culture and gender war battle lines. ImageQuestion: How will the US and UK armed forces be run in 10 years, if this socialized agenda is fully rolled out?READERS PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS BELOWREAD MORE CULTURAL MARXIST NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cultural Marxism FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"December 29, 2017",0
Navy SEAL Tells Katy Perry: “Go to H*ll” [Video],"Navy SEAL Carl Higbie had three words for Katy Perry: Go to hell. Carl Higbie in a Thursday interview on Fox News criticized Perry for her remarks following the deadly Manchester terror attack that left 22 people dead and 59 injured, including children.Perry said:  The greatest thing we can do is just unite and love on each other. No barriers, no borders, we all just need to coexist In response to her call for  no barriers, no borders,  Higbie said that Perry should hold one of her concerts in Syria and see how they respond to our culture:You might remember Higbie from the time he was screeched at by a CNN anchor when he demanded the truth before accusing Trump s administration of anything: A Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was blasted and screeched at by a CNN anchor who was shocked that Higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the Trump controversy. Yikes! She s got snowflake written all over her. It s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. Just go with it, right? We say NOT RIGHT!Shouldn t we ask that sources be exposed? Anyone can say they know the truth but when they hide behind anonymity, they ruin their credibility. The left just expects everyone to believe the many lies they ve been telling about President Trump. We re with Carl! We re not accepting any  stories  against Trump until we have proof and know the source.Way to go Carl!",left-news,"May 26, 2017",0
Factbox: Trump's conflicting views on Obama Dreamer policy,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to soon end an Obama-era policy that protects nearly 800,000 immigrants who entered the country illegally as children, a senior administration official said on Thursday. In the past, Trump has sometimes seemed supportive of the program, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. At other times he blasted it. Following are some of Trump’s comments on the so-called Dreamer policy: February 16, 2017, news conference at the White House - “We’re gonna show great heart, DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me, I will tell you. To me, it’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids. In many cases, not in all cases. And some of the cases, having DACA and they’re gang members and they’re drug dealers, too. But you have some absolutely, incredible kids, I would say mostly. They were brought here in such a way - it’s a very - it’s a very, very tough subject. We’re gonna deal with DACA with heart.... But the DACA situation is a very, very - it’s a very difficult thing for me because you know, I love these kids, I love kids, I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do and you know, the law is rough.”  November 28, 2016, interview with TIME Magazine - “We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud.... They got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in never-never land because they don’t know what’s going to happen.”  February 15, 2016, press conference in Hanahan, S.C. - “Wait, you mentioned dreamers. I want dreamers to come from the United States. I want the people in the United States that have children, I want them to have dreams also. We’re always talking about dreamers for other people. I want the children that are growing up in the United States to be dreamers also. They’re not dreaming right now.”  August 16, 2015, NBC’s “Meet the Press” - “We’re going to keep the families together. We have to keep the families together...But they have to go...We will work with them. They have to go. Chuck, we either have a country, or we don’t have a country. Either we have a country or not.”  ",politicsNews,"August 31, 2017 ",1
 Democrats Across The Country Are Figuring Out Ways To FORCE Trump To Release His Tax Returns,"Every major party presidential candidate in the last 40 years has released his or her tax returns, except for two. One was Gerald Ford and the other was Donald Trump. Trump, who s completely embroiled in a scandal surrounding ties to Russia, may soon be forced, at court or congressional order, to release his returns, but if that doesn t happen, Democrats at the state level might be forcing Trump s hand.State legislatures are now proposing measures that would ban any candidates from their ballots who don t release tax returns. Tax return information would provide some transparency there to give voters the assurance that they need that the president is acting on behalf of us,  said Kathleen Clyde, an Ohio state representative who recently introduced a version of the bill.  It is problematic that he is the only candidate in 30 or 40 years not to provide that information. Clyde s bill, the Tax Returns Uniformly Made Public Act   the TRUMP Act   would require candidates for president and vice president to disclose five years of tax documents to Ohio s Secretary of State, who would then post the documents online. Only after a candidate disclosed the tax information would he or she qualify for the ballot in one of the nation s most hotly contested battlegrounds.Similar measures requiring candidates to file with Secretary of State offices have been introduced in California, Oregon and Tennessee. Candidates would be required to file tax documents with state boards of election under bills filed in Illinois, Maryland, New York and Rhode Island.Source: The HillSo far, 19 states are considering similar bills and not all of them are blue, but it s probably that only blue states will pass the bills, if at all.Elections, even national elections, are run by the states. Nationally, there are only two qualifications to run for President: The candidate must be at least 35-years-old and must be a natural born citizen. None of the rest matters in the eyes of the law. That s why Trump didn t have to release his tax returns to begin with.However, states have more latitude. For example, in many states, candidates must receive a minimum number of signatures on a petition before being allowed on a ballot, although that typically applies to non-major party candidates. Still, states can impose rules like filing fees and deadlines, although it s still not clear that forcing candidates to release tax returns will pass constitutional muster.Even if this passes in a few states, Trump could still, if he doesn t implode, win reelection if he wins enough red states. In theory, he could win without a single vote in our most populous state (California), as long as he won the Electoral College. Let s hope these bills do pass to prevent a future Trump, but first, let s pressure Congress to force Trump s hand right now.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",News,"March 5, 2017",0
"Quake hits southeast Iran, destroys homes; no fatalities reported","ANKARA (Reuters) - A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.0 struck southeastern Iran on Friday, injuring at least 42 people and destroying several homes in an area where most people live in villages of mud-walled homes. State media said no deaths had been reported. Rescue workers, special teams with sniffer dogs and units of Iran s Revolutionary Guards and Basij militia forces were sent to the quake-hit areas in Kerman province, Iran s semi-official Fars news agency said. State TV said many residents rushed out of houses in Kerman city and nearby villages and towns, fearing more tremors after some 51 aftershocks following the 6:32 a.m. (0232 GMT) quake.  The quake destroyed some houses in 14 villages but so far there has been no fatalities,  a local official told state TV.  Fortunately no deaths have been reported so far.  The quake struck less than three weeks after a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit villages and towns in Iran s western Kermansheh province along the mountainous border with Iraq, killing 530 people and injuring thousands of others.  The U.S. Geological Survey said Friday s quake, at first reported as magnitude 6.3, was centered 36 miles (58 km) northeast of Kerman city, which has a population of more than 821,000. The quake was very shallow, at a depth of 6.2 miles (10 km), which would have amplified the shaking in the poor, sparsely populated area. Head of Relief and Rescue Organization of Iran s Red Crescent Morteza Salimi told state television that at least 42 people were injured. Iran s state news agency IRNA said most of those hurt had minor injuries.   Assessment teams are surveying the earthquake-stricken areas and villages in Kerman province,  IRNA quoted local official Mohammadreza Mirsadeqi as saying.   Iran s semi-official Tasnim news agency said the quake had caused heavy damage in Hojedk town and some villages were hit by power and water cuts.  State TV aired footage of damaged buildings in remote mountainous villages near Hojedk town, the epicenter of the earthquake with a population of 3,000 people. TV said coal mines in the area had been closed because of aftershocks.  Iran s Red Crescent said emergency shelter, food and water had been sent to the quake-hit areas.  Criss-crossed by several major fault lines, Iran is one of the most earthquake-prone countries in the world. In 2003, a magnitude 6.6 quake in Kerman province killed 31,000 people and flattened the ancient city of Bam. ",worldnews,"December 1, 2017 ",1
Coming of age in an era of prosperity: Meet China's 'bubble generation',"WUHAN, China (Reuters) - Call them China s bubble generation. They were born after the crushing of the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests, raised mostly without siblings during an unprecedented economic boom, and came of age as Xi Jinping, China s strongest leader in decades, ascended to power. It s a generation that grew up in an era of prosperity and peace; one that has not  eaten bitterness  - or struggled - as their parents and grandparents did. With Xi starting another five years as China s top leader, Reuters sought to get to know some members of this bubble generation - 10 people who graduated from university and entered the workforce when Xi s first term started five years ago. They are the  Class of 2012 . The 10 men and women represent just a fraction of the 190 million people born in the 1990s, but they provided key insights into Xi s China and the generation that will inherit his legacy. They live in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan and Putuan, in Hubei province. Their backgrounds are diverse. They are the sons and daughters of a former factory owner, restaurateurs, a doctor, a construction worker, a local official, and a school administrator. They attended three different universities   China s leading trade and economics college in Beijing, a regional university in the central city of Wuhan, and a third-tier technology school in the southwestern city of Chengdu. That makes them somewhat privileged in a country where relatively few people get to pursue higher education. Their experiences differ, often widely. And yet, they have much in common. They are optimistic, open-minded and tend to have a free-spirited streak, even though family roots and obligations remain important. For the unmarried among them, some feel acute pressure to find a mate. Others actively reject the traditional path.   A good thing about our generation is that, I think, we have more direction in our lives,  said Wu Qiong, the 27-year-old daughter of an insurance saleswoman and a kindergarten headmaster in Wuhan.  Really, you know how you want to live your life, rather than everyone living the same way.  They crave travel and experiences, and grew up in comfort for the most part. Most have had everything they ve needed - food and clothing - and often more, things like Nintendo Gameboys or vacations. They ve all known extraordinary economic growth year in and year out, making a painful slowdown hard to imagine. Property prices only rise in their world   a double edged sword for young adults trying to get established. China s upward trajectory is a given.  I think the world is getting better and better,  said Qin Lijuan, 28, a personal finance consultant in Chengdu.  Even if we face an economic crisis, as long as you make safe plans your life is still worry-free.  Members of the  Class of 2012 , like many in China, project political apathy   reflecting perhaps instinctual caution on a sensitive topic in the presence of journalists, or possibly genuine insouciance.  I don t care about politics because my job has nothing to do with politics,  said Zheng Yue, 27, an interior designer in Chengdu.  And also I can t solve political problems. Even if I cared a lot about it, it s no use. I can t change anything.  When political issues are injected into their daily lives, as with internet censorship, they always find a workaround so they can see their favorite television shows or news stories they re interested in. Xi faces deep socio-economic challenges, and has made it clear that he believes more government control - not less - is what the country needs. But what if things go sideways, if the China narrative shifts, or if the economy slows significantly, as many economists think is inevitable? What if it hits a brick wall?  Young Chinese seem to share with young Americans of the 1950s and 1960s a near-unbridgeable generation gap and a huge optimism,  said Michael Pettis, a finance professor at the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University. But, he said, they are probably ill-prepared for future shocks, despite the experiences and advice of their parents. Try telling that to Wu. Born and raised in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province some 700 km (435 miles) inland from Shanghai, she is in many ways emblematic of the  Class of 2012 . Articulate and cheerful, Wu decided after graduating from university that the English degree she earned was insufficient to pursue her ambitions - so she got a Master s degree in accounting. She now works in the international settlements department of a foreign bank. She hasn t been able to buy property herself, but she recently persuaded her mother to invest some of her life savings in an apartment in a development called  Cambridge City . The buildings are next to a subway line under construction. Their plan is to flip it in a couple years.  The appreciation in house values is much bigger than the return on fixed-term deposits at banks,  Wu said.  For sure it won t go down.  In terms of job security, Wu also doesn t seem to worry.  In my life I m not afraid of the future at all,  she said.  I don t fear change.   And, she adds,  if some day there s a big economic crisis and the financial sector falls into recession I think I could go back and be an English teacher.      ",worldnews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
 Ted Cruz Doesn’t Want Transgender People To Pee Unless They’re At Home (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is trying to differentiate himself from Republican front runner Donald Trump by any means possible. Recently, Trump shocked everyone by calling controversial anti-trans bathroom bills  discriminatory  and stating that transgender individuals should be allowed to use whatever bathroom they feel corresponds to their identity. Meanwhile, Cruz has decided to go the complete opposite way as his rival, ramping up the bigotry. His latest comments are transphobia at its worst.While in Indiana last weekend, Cruz was filmed talking about his bathroom policies, making it perfectly clear that he is on board with divisive anti-trans bathroom legislation. Despite that fact that no trans person has ever attacked anyone in a bathroom, Cruz insisted that the only bathrooms trans people should be able to use are the ones in their own homes. The Texas senator told reporters: Every one of us has the right to live our lives as we wish. Then, Cruz s lack of intelligence resulted in an epic contradiction. If any one of us wants to dress up as a woman or man and wants to live as woman or man and believes that we might be something other than what we were born, God has made each of us with free will and the ability to choose to do that if man to wants to dress as a woman, and live as a woman, and have a bathroom at home. A reporter clarified with the presidential hopeful, So, then they shouldn t use the bathroom out in public? Yes, exactly. Cruz drove his bigoted point home: You don t have a right to intrude upon the rights of others because whether or not a man believes he s a woman, there are a lot of women who would like to be able to use a public restroom in peace without having a man there   and when there are children involved, you don t have a right to impose your lifestyle on others. Here s the video, courtesy of the American Bridge:Cruz has definitely amped up his anti-trans rhetoric over the last few days. The GOPer recently released an ad about transgender people using public restrooms with the message  it s not appropriate, it s not safe  and has also made anti-trans jokes insulting Donald Trump. In the same weekend that this awful video was taken, Cruz called transgender protections  political correctness on steroids. Cruz has also voiced his support for North Carolina s bathroom laws, which prevent transgender people from using the restroom they re most comfortable with.If you care anything for the LGBT community and their right to freedom, Ted Cruz is definitely making himself out to be one of the community s biggest threats.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",News,"April 26, 2016",0
DANIEL HANNAN Tells “The Generation Of The Safe Spaces” To Get Over Themselves [Video], ,left-news,"Nov 15, 2016",0
[UPDATE] THESE 3 COMPANIES Have Demanded Their Names Be Removed From Baby Harvester Planned Parenthood’s List of 40 Major Company Donors,"All of these companies should be ashamed to be contributing to a to a company that kills babies, then shamelessly negotiates for top dollar for their aborted body parts UPDATE:Until this Thursday, Planned Parenthood kept a list of corporate allies and sponsors on its website. Once Coca-Cola became the third corporation to ask to be taken off the list, Planned Parenthood took it down altogether.A snapshot of Planned Parenthood s donation page archived one day ago touts support from very large corporations:The news organization Daily Signal contacted several companies on the list asking about their purported donations to Planned Parenthood in light of videos revealing the organization s harvesting of fetal organs. Representatives from Xerox, Ford, and Coca-Cola deserted the abortion giant, saying they were  incorrectly listed as donors  They said their companies do not contribute to Planned Parenthood and do not match employee gifts to the organization. All three said they have contacted or will contact Planned Parenthood to be removed from its website. There are likely more desertions to come. Pro-life grassroots activists will likely keep calling and asking the remaining corporate giants from the list whether they support the sale of aborted baby parts for medical experimentation. But now that the list is down, the world will not know how many more corporations will ask to be taken off the list of Planned Parenthood supporters.Since the gruesome videos began to appear last week, news has gone from bad to worse for the abortion giant. Two Congressional committees are investigating, along with eight state governments. A bill has been introduced in Congress to withhold Planned Parenthood funding for one year. That would cost the $1.3 billion dollar a year nonprofit corporation $500 million. Via-Breitbart NewsIn the wake of two videos allegedly showing Planned Parenthood officials discussing the sale of aborted fetal body parts, Republicans in Congress are working to ensure that Planned Parenthood is stripped of its federal funding.However, it s not only the government that fills Planned Parenthood s coffers. According to 2nd Vote, a website and app that tracks the flow of money from consumers to political causes, more than 25 percent of Planned Parenthood s $1.3-billion annual revenue comes from private donations, which includes corporate contributions.2nd Vote researched the corporations and organizations to find which supported Planned Parenthood and found that more than three dozen donated to the group. Some companies donated directly, while others matched employee gifts.Forty corporations and organizations directly contribute to the group.Planned Parenthood has come under heavy fire following the release of videos from the Center for Medical Progress.The first video, released last week, showed Planned Parenthood senior executive Dr. Deborah Nucatola meeting with actors portraying buyers from a  human biologics company.  The  buyers  discussed the sale of fetal body parts with Nucatola over lunch.In the second video, Dr. Mary Gatter, president of Planned Parenthood s medical directors council, is seen negotiating the price of aborted fetal body parts.Here are the 40 companies that have directly funded Planned Parenthood. Via: Daily SignalAdobe American Cancer Society American Express AT&T Avon Bank of America Bath & Body Works Ben & Jerry s Clorox Coca-Cola Converse Deutsche Bank Dockers Energizer Expedia ExxonMobil Fannie Mae Ford Groupon Intuit Johnson & Johnson La Senza Levi Strauss Liberty Mutual Macy s March of Dimes Microsoft Morgan Stanley Nike Oracle PepsiCo Pfizer Progressive Starbucks Susan G. Komen Tostitos Unilever United Way Verizon Wells FargoEvery one of these companies should be called out for donating to this evil murdered baby parts for-profit organization. ",left-news,"Jul 22, 2015",0
Ex-minister accuses former Brazil President Lula of accepting bribes,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The former finance minister under Brazil s Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Wednesday accused the ex-president of receiving bribes from contractor Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], adding to a list of corruption accusations that threaten Lula s ability to run for president in 2018. Lawyers for the former finance minister, Antonio Palocci, said he told prosecutors that Lula accepted Odebrecht s purchase of land for an institute in his name, a country house in Sao Paulo state and 300 million reais ($97 million) to be used after he left office. A representative for Lula said in a statement that Palocci, who was arrested a year ago in a corruption investigation, was lying and making accusations without evidence to secure a favorable deal with prosecutors to reduce his sentence. Such testimony from a close confidant could be damning for Lula, who intends to run for president again next year if he can successfully appeal a conviction that would bar him from standing. Lula faces four additional trials. Separately on Wednesday, Brazil s top prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, charged Lula, ex-President Dilma Rousseff and a former minister with obstruction of justice related to Lula s nomination as Rousseff s chief of staff in 2016. The nomination, later struck down by the Supreme Court, would have shielded Lula from prosecution by lower courts. It was the second charge from Janot in two days. On Tuesday he accused Lula, Rousseff and six other members of their Workers Party for allegedly forming a criminal organization to carry out corruption and other crimes involving state-controlled oil company Petrobras. Lula and Rousseff deny the charges. Palocci leveled his accusations in two hours of testimony on Wednesday as part of a probe into allegations that Lula accepted the land for the institute.   It was a blood pact and a package of bribes that included payment for a property, an estate ranch and 300 million reais that gradually were made available according to a spreadsheet delivered by the contractor,  said Adriano Bretas, one of Palocci s lawyers. Tracy Reinaldet, another of Palocci s lawyers, said the agreement was made during the transition from Lula into Rousseff s first term. Palocci also served as Rousseff s chief of staff initially but was forced to resign due to corruption allegations. ",worldnews,"September 6, 2017 ",1
Puerto Rico oversight board favors more time for restructuring talks,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s federal oversight board said on Wednesday it was willing to extend key deadlines that would give the debt-laden U.S. territory’s government more time to negotiate restructuring deals with holders of its roughly $70 billion in bonds.  In a letter to Governor Ricardo Rossello, the oversight board said it “is favorably inclined” to grant the governor’s request to extend to May 1 from Feb. 15 a freeze on litigation from creditors over missed debt payments.  It also said it favored extending until Feb. 28 from Jan. 15 a deadline for Rossello to submit a fiscal turnaround plan for the island. Both requests will be taken up formally “later this month,” the board said, and would be conditioned on the government agreeing to turn over more information about its financial picture and not to take on more short-term liquidity loans. The board said Rossello’s fiscal plan should aim to generate $4.5 billion annually in new revenues or savings through fiscal 2019. It laid out specific areas the plan should address, including shrinking the size of the government, pension reform and spending reductions in higher education and healthcare.   In addition to its nearly $70 billion in debt from a myriad of public issuers, Puerto Rico is struggling with a 45 percent poverty rate and unemployment that is more than twice the mainland U.S. average.  The bipartisan, seven-member oversight board was created under the federal Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA, passed by the U.S. Congress last year. It is charged with helping the island manage its finances and navigate its way out of the economic jam, including by negotiating restructuring deals with creditors. PROMESA calls for Puerto Rico’s governor to deliver a fiscal turnaround plan, due on Jan. 28, to serve as a blueprint for the island’s path out of crisis.  The law also imposed a freeze on litigation from creditors over debt payments, set to run out on Feb. 15.  Rossello, who won election in November and was sworn in on Jan. 2, asked for the deadline extensions, saying his new administration needed more time to assess the local financial situation and negotiate with creditors.  Rossello has only just now hired lawyers and financial advisers to represent the government in those talks. Failing to reach consensual restructuring deals could push Puerto Rico and its many debt-issuing agencies into a messy and costly bankruptcy-like process under PROMESA. ",politicsNews,"January 18, 2017 ",1
Syrian government to blame for April sarin attack: U.N. report,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad is to blame for a chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people last April, according to a report sent to the United Nations Security Council on Thursday.  The Syrian Arab Republic is responsible for the release of sarin at Khan Sheikhoun on 4 April 2017,  the report from the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) said. The attack prompted a U.S. missile strike against a Syrian air base which Washington said was used to launch the strike.   Time and again, we see independent confirmation of chemical weapons use by the Assad regime,  Nikki Haley, the United States  U.N. ambassador, said in a statement.  The Security Council must send a clear message that the use of chemical weapons by anyone will not be tolerated, and must fully support the work of the impartial investigators.  The report also said ISIS was to blame for the use of sulfur mustard in the Syrian town of Umm Hawsh on Sept. 15 and 16, 2016. The JIM was unanimously created by the 15-member U.N. Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November, and Russia on Tuesday vetoed a proposal to further extend its mandate. Russian ambassador to the U.N. Vassily Nebenzia said earlier this week Russia would consider revisiting the mandate extension after Thursday s report is discussed. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China hopes that the conclusions of any investigation have a basis in conclusive proof and are professional, objective and fair.  The continuing use of chemical weapons, including by non-State actors, is deeply disturbing,  said the report.  If such use, in spite of the prohibition by the international community, is not stopped now, a lack of consequences will surely encourage others to follow.  The JIM has already found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015.          Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the country s more than six-year civil war. ",worldnews,"October 26, 2017 ",1
Democrat wins U.S. Senate seat in Alabama in setback for Trump,"(Reuters) - Democrat Doug Jones won Alabama’s election for the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, scoring an upset victory in a deeply conservative state against a Republican candidate who was backed by President Donald Trump, U.S. media said. Jones, 63, a former federal prosecutor, prevailed over Roy Moore, whose campaign was dogged by allegations of sexual misconduct toward teenagers. While Republicans maintain control of both houses of Congress, Jones’ victory will reduce their majority in the U.S. Senate to 51-49, possibly making it harder for Trump to advance his policy agenda. ",politicsNews,"December 13, 2017 ",1
"BOOM! OBAMA REQUIRED To Respond, After Petition To “Formally Recognize BLACK LIVES MATTER As A Terrorist Organization” Exceeds Required 100K Signatures In ONLY 5 Days…ADD YOUR NAME!","A  We The People  petition was started on July 6TH, asking the government to  formally designate Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization . The White House requires that the person or group who initiates a petition on their  We The People  petition page must gather at least 100,000 signatures in 30 days. Once they have the signatures, the White House site guarantees they will review the petition and offer an official response. Obama will no doubt spin this, but in the meantime, it s a statement by over 100,000 American citizens about their belief that Black Lives Matter is nothing more than a terror organization. The overwhelming support for labeling Black Lives Matter at terror group won t bode well for Hillary, who has openly supported them in an embarrassing effort to pander for votes.From the White House created  We The People  Petition page:About We the PeopleThe right to petition your government is guaranteed by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. We the People is a platform that empowers the American public to take this action like never before   it s a way for anybody, anywhere, to speak directly to the government and become an agent for change.With We the People, you can easily create a petition online, share it, and collect signatures. If you gather 100,000 signature in 30 days, we ll review your petition, make sure it gets in front of the appropriate policy experts, and issue an official response.Petitioning has the potential to enact real change   just check out some of our petition creator s success stories   but it s also your fundamental right as an American citizen, and an opportunity to connect with a community of like-minded people who are invested in making a change. Ideally, running a petition on We the People is just the start of something bigger   a long-term, robust form of civic engagement.The White House Reviews and RespondsOnce the petition reaches the required threshold (100,000 signatures), it will be put in a queue to be reviewed by the White House. Others can still sign the petition while it is awaiting a response. When the White House responds, everyone who has signed the petition will get email from the White House to let you know that we ve reviewed and responded to the petition.Q: How will the White House decide which petitions to respond to?The White House plans to respond to each petition that crosses the current signature threshold, which you can view on the Terms of Participation page. In some cases, the White House response might not address the facts of a particular matter to avoid the appearance of improper influence (such as in specific procurement, law enforcement or adjudicatory matters). In addition, the White House will not respond to petitions that violate We the People s Terms of Participation. In some cases, a single update may be used for petitions on similar topics.To date, the petition has collected 107,652 signatures. If you d like to add your name, click HERE. ",left-news,"Jul 11, 2016",0
LEFTIST REPORTERS Tie Hillary To Firing Of #MattLauer,"Once again, the left eats its own Liberal reporters used the unexpected firing of NBC News anchor Matt Lauer for unspecified sexual misconduct as an opportunity to mention how hard he was on Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election. It was a liberal pile-on with brutal attacks on twitter from journalists who actually called Lauer a  right winger  and  Trump apologist .Now that s funny!Annie Karni, White House reporter for Politico, tweeted about how Hillary Clinton condemned Matt Lauer s performance during the 2016 Commander-in-Chief forum.Hillary Clinton on Matt Lauer's performance during the Commander-in-Chief forum in 2016: ""Trump should have reported his performance as an in-kind contribution . I can't say I didn't fantasize about shaking some sense into Lauer while I was out there.""  Annie Karni (@anniekarni) November 29, 2017BuzzFeed World correspondent Borzou Daragahi used the firing to remind followers to  not forget  about Lauer covering Clinton s email controversy.Let's not forget Matt Lauer's shining moment of journalistic glory last year when he bulldozed over Clinton about her emails while letting Trump get away with lies https://t.co/RVl0ZkC3jr  Borzou Daragahi   (@borzou) November 29, 2017The left attacks its own AGAIN! Many on twitter are blaming Hillary for the ouster of Lauer. This means that he s being fired NOT because of  sexual misconduct  but for not following the party line and supporting Hillary? They might have a point. Lauer s escapades with women are legend so why fire him now? Is it the trend in sexual harassment cases or because he s out of favor with the liberal elites since the election last year? With these people you have to march in lockstep or you re out! How confusing!Numerous people have commented on our report about Lauer s firing to say they blame Hillary Who knew?OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON LAUER S FIRING: NBC was in  cover your ass  mode with their longtime anchor Matt Lauer s latest misstep coming to light via numerous news outlets. NBC News Chairman Andy Lack pulled the trigger to fire Lauer late last night after it was revealed that Lauer was going to be outed for sexual misconduct.Page Six reports:Longtime NBC anchor Matt Lauer allegedly sexually assaulted a female NBC staffer during the Rio Olympics. The staffer, who has not been named and wishes to remain anonymous, complained to NBC News bosses yesterday, prompting them to move fast and fire him. An NBC staffer come forward with a claim that Matt sexually assaulted her at the Olympics. There have been rumors about Matt having affairs with subordinates at NBC for years, but those were believed to be consensual. This incident in Rio was not. 2006  CRUEL AND INHUMANE His wife, Annette, famously filed for divorce in 2006, accusing him of  cruel and inhumane  behavior, but withdrew the filing a month later after they reached a private agreement. They ostensibly live separate lives, she living full time in the Hamptons with their children, while Matt resides in the city during the week.Lauer has been rumored to be a serial adulterer but this case was not consensual. A whole different ball of wax for the notorious cad.Rumors of an affair with Natalie Morales and other co-workers have been out there in the past. Lauer s current co-workers spoke out this morning claiming shock at what just happened:Matt Lauer has been terminated from NBC News. On Monday night, we received a detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace by Matt Lauer. As a result, we ve decided to terminate his employment. pic.twitter.com/1A3UAZpvPb  TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 29, 2017The victim wishes to remain anonymous we re wondering how long it will take for her name to be leaked out.",politics,"Nov 29, 2017",0
THEY KNEW! CLOSE CLINTON FRIEND Warned Against Agreeing To Allow Sexual Predator Harvey Weinstein To Host Fundraisers…They Did It Anyway,"In June of 2016, the disgraced sexual predator, and Hollywood producer, Harvey Weinstein, hosted a fundraiser for Hillary s presidential campaign in Manhattan. Some of the top celebrities in the business accepted Harvey s invitation to the event. Celebrity donors who were in attendance at the event included Leo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lopez, and Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick. Weinstein raised $1.8 million for Hillary at his star-studded fundraiser. When Hillary was asked if she was planning to give any of the money back or would give it to charity, the Clinton Foundation claimed they would not give back a cent, and that the money had already been spent on other  charitable purposes .  We re wondering what, exactly the Clinton Foundation means by  charitable purposes ?  Like Chelsea s wedding that was partially funded by the Clinton Foundation?A TV writer and close Clinton family friend says she warned at least three  top-level Democratic operatives  against allowing Harvey Weinstein to host fundraisers. A warning that evidently (and to the glee of Fox News) fell on deaf ears,  writes  Designing Women  creator Linda Bloodworth-Thomason in a new Hollywood Reporter op-ed.Weinstein gave thousands and bundled $1.42 million in donations to Hillary Clinton s presidential run, but the former secretary of state has said she had no idea about the producer s predatory ways.Bloodworth-Thomason, who has created political promotional films for both Clintons, said she helped President Bill Clinton pen an apology amid his own sex scandal and that his actions have  taxed my feminist conscience    but she still loves him  dearly. She says she has long been aware of Weinstein s lecherous ways and is skeptical of those now claiming ignorance. Some said this despite knowing him for decades, starring in his films and being friends with accusers who starred in his films,  she writes.But although Weinstein was  at the top of the sexual predator food chain  she says the industry is rife with men like him. These kinds of atrocities against women routinely go unreported and unpunished in the entertainment industry. The No. 1 casting criterion in Hollywood is that, above all else, an actress must be  hot and f kable,  she writes.  Page Six ",politics,"Oct 18, 2017",0
Cuba urges U.S. not to politicize allegations of harmed diplomats,"UNITED NATIONS/HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba urged the United States on Friday to cooperate with its investigation into incidents that the U.S. says have harmed its diplomats in Havana and not to politicize the matter, days after Washington said it was considering closing its Cuban embassy. In an address to the United Nations General Assembly, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said the top level of the government in Havana had ordered an investigation into the mysterious matter, which threatens the fragile detente between the old Cold War foes. However, a Cuban government source told Reuters that the United States had provided no evidence of the harm, including hearing loss, dizziness and nausea, that it says U.S. diplomats and their relatives based in Havana have suffered. Cuban doctors had also not been allowed to examine anyone, the source said. A spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Havana declined to comment.  The investigation to clarify this issue continues, and in order to be able to arrive to a conclusion, it will be crucial to count on the cooperation of the U.S. authorities,  Rodriguez told the U.N.  It would be unfortunate if a matter of this nature is politicized,  said Rodriguez. Cuba has denied any involvement in the affair. U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida was among five Republican senators that a week ago called for U.S. President Donald Trump to retaliate against Cuba by expelling its diplomats and possibly shuttering the U.S. embassy in Havana. Rubio helped forge Trump s new Cuba policy, rolling back parts of the detente achieved under Democratic former President Barack Obama and taking a harder line on the Communist-run island. Cuba s state-run media this week said the only party interested in a deterioration in relations were a small group of Republicans led by Rubio. The U.S. government in August first officially confirmed they were investigating the incidents it said began in late 2016. Several Canadians were also affected, a Canadian official said, further deepening the mystery. The last incident to affect a U.S. citizen occurred late in August, bringing the number of those with symptoms to 21, a U.S. State Department official said last week. Some of those had returned home for testing and treatment, the U.S. official said, while others had been tested in Cuba, where the embassy has a fulltime medical officer. Investigations by Cuba, the United States and Canada have yet to come up with any answers. Experts agree it is hard to see how any attacks could have been carried out or what the motivation could be. Theories abound, from surveillance technology gone awry to a sophisticated acoustic weapon in the hands of Cuban-American exiles or third-party state actors such as Russia, Iran or North Korea, but most flounder. Audiologists for example have raised doubt over the possibility of whether any sonic weapon exists that can be used covertly to bring about the range of symptoms mentioned by diplomats. ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
"Russia and USA, after Tillerson talks, agree modest steps to mend ties","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and the United States agreed to set up a working group to try to mend their battered ties on Wednesday after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson held lengthy talks in Moscow with President Vladimir Putin and the Russian foreign minister. It was not clear until the last minute whether Putin would grant Tillerson an audience, but the fact that he did is likely to be seen as a sign that Moscow has not given up on the new U.S. administration and wants to try to improve ties which both sides agree are languishing at a post Cold War low. A joint news conference between Sergei Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, and Tillerson showed how much work there is to do though as the Russian used many of his speaking opportunities to lambast Washington over its actions in Syria and what he said was its unhelpful foreign interference in the past. Tillerson, on his first visit to Russia in his current role, struck a more conciliatory stance, but said ties and trust levels were at a low point and restated Washington’s position that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad must eventually relinquish power, a position starkly at odds with Russia. “There is a low level of trust between our two countries,” Tillerson said. “The world’s two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship.” Lavrov said that while Russia was not placing its hopes in Assad or any other individual in Syria, toppling the Syrian government was not an option and that a political process had to be allowed to play out.  “We discussed Assad today,” said Lavrov. “I don’t remember any positive examples of how a dictator was overthrown and everything was just fine afterwards.” Differences over a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base last week also bubbled to the surface.  Washington says it acted to punish the Syrian government for what it said was a devastating nerve gas attack Damascus launched against its own people that killed scores. Russia said the U.S. strike was illegal though and Lavrov repeated Moscow’s stance on Wednesday, saying an international investigation should be left to determine who was to blame and what happened.  It was wrong to blame Assad without knowing the facts, he said.  Tillerson said the United States was confident that Assad’s forces were behind the gas attack, but said there was “no firm information” to indicate Russian forces were involved in the same attack. In a move that slightly softened the atmosphere, Lavrov said Putin had agreed to restore a U.S.-Russia air safety agreement covering Syria which Moscow suspended in retaliation for the U.S. missile strikes. The agreement would be reactivated with immediate effect, Viktor Ozerov, the head of the Russian upper house of parliament’s defense committee told the RIA news agency. ",politicsNews,"April 12, 2017 ",1
 BREAKING: The Senate Finally Voted On Gun Control,"Just a week after the horrific shooting in Orlando, Florida that killed 49 people in a gay nightclub, the Senate finally took up a vote on gun violence. Actually, this happens after every major mass shooting, and like with every major mass shooting, the NRA won.Four bills have gone down in a predictable and fiery death.The first bill was proposed by Republican Senator Chuck Grassley (Iowa) and Democrats voted against it because it didn t go far enough and because it could actually put more guns into the wrong people s hands.Democrats opposed the legislation because it does not expand the types of gun sales that require background checks, and they said some provisions could make it easier for mentally ill individuals to buy guns.Source: USA TodayOnly 53 Senators voted for the bill, and while that may have been enough in another time, today, nothing passes the Senate without a filibuster proof majority of 60 votes.The second bill to go down was proposed by Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-California). It would have allowed the Justice Department to stop people who are on the terrorist watch list from purchasing guns. This one is also backed by President Obama.Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., called the Republican measures  political stunts  and said they are  meaningless in doing something to stop gun violence. These are amendments to divert attention from real legislation,  Reid said.  Why? So Republicans (can) say  Hey, look, we tried,  and all the time their cheerleaders, their bosses at the NRA, are cheering. The third bill, which also went down in a blaze of glory, is an amendment by Senator Chris Murphy (D-Connecticut), who wants to close the  gun show loophole  and require everyone who wants to buy a gun to go through a background check.The fourth bill was written by Senator John Cornyn (R-Texas) and would give a three day waiting period for people who have been investigated for terrorism within the last five years. Of course, with no funding for background checks, nothing could go wrong, right?This is a dance the Senate that happens after every mass shooting, and the result is always the same gridlock. All the bills were defeated along party lines. This, despite the fact that the majority of their constituents want stricter gun control.Featured image via Getty Images. ",News,"June 20, 2016",0
WATCH MAJOR MOMENT President-elect Trump And Entire Family Arrive In D.C. [Video], ,politics,"Jan 19, 2017",0
"CONFUSED.GOV: Obama’s Imperial Mideast Policy Unravels, Still Backing Terrorists in Syria","21st Century Wire says We just learned this week that US President Barack Obama will meet with Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan at this week s G20 summit in China. The White House claims that this is to discuss the two nations   Anti-ISIL efforts,  but is this really to be believed, considering the facts on ground in Syria?As 21WIRE reported this past weekend, Turkey has effectively invaded northern Syria. Initially, it claimed its military operation was to support  Syrian rebels  who aimed to recapture territory from ISIS around the town of Jarabulus, but it quickly became apparent that this was only a cover story. During its illegal invasion of its neighbor Syria,  Turkish military were flanked by  moderate rebel  group Faylaq al-Sham   a extremist terrorist organization and more amazingly   both Turkish forces and their  moderate rebel  partners received air support from the United States. That s right: the USA is giving air cover to Al Qaeda in Syria. Consider the Turkish-US invasion along these lines: all along the Syrian Conflict, the US, Turkey, the NATO confab and entirety of the George Soros NGO Complex   have all been crying out for one thing: a  No Fly Zone  or  Safe Zone , which is really a western euphemism for carving-out their long-desired militant safe-havens inside of Syria. An interesting follow-on report to the US side of this drama is featured below by Daniel Lazare from Consortium News.This would be the first meeting between Obama and Erdogan since the infamous failed coup attempt in Turkey in July. Both countries claim to be ensconced in Syria in the gallant  fight against ISIS  (ISIL, IS, Daesh etc), but facts on the ground indicate that neither country has made  fighting ISIS    or any other Sunni-based Islamist extremist fighting group operating in Syria   a genuine priority. It s as if they are both attempting to buy time for their own strategic objectives to develop.What s becoming ever clearer by the day, however, is that Washington is prepared to do almost anything in order to cover-up and obfuscate its central role in the promotion and strategic backing of all militant  rebel  forces trying to destroy the nation of Syria, including Al Nusra Front and all its affiliates, and also ISIS itself.Note below, the henchman role of US Vice President Joe Biden, delivering the death blow to Kurdish YPG militias in Syria  Daniel Lazare Consortium NewsIn the 1930s, British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain appeased his enemies. Today, U.S. President Barack Obama appeases his friends.Barack the Appeaser is the key to unlocking the mysteries of U.S. policy in the Middle East and beyond. Confusing to begin with, U.S. actions reached new heights of absurdity last week when the Obama administration abandoned its long-standing Kurdish allies with virtually no notice and announced that it was backing a Turkish thrust into northern Syria instead.Although the Turks claimed to be targeting ISIS (also known as Islamic State, IS, ISIL, and Daesh), it was plain from the outset that the real aim was to counter an offensive that had carried Kurdish forces some 20 miles west of the Euphrates River and put them in a position to control nearly the entire Syrian-Turkish border.But there was a problem. Not only had the U.S. approved the same Kurdish offensive, but it had provided arms, money, and air support plus military advice in the form of some 250 US Special Operations forces embedded among members of the Kurdish militia known as the YPG.Indeed, the Syrian Democratic Forces, a multi-ethnic militia anchored by the YPG, was a real success story, just about the only one Washington has had in the course of its disastrous five-year Syrian intervention. As one analyst put it: Since the creation of the SDF last November, the U.S.-backed coalition was able to roll back IS advances in northern Syria at an unprecedented pace.  An effective mixture of multi-pronged offensives and U.S. air support led to the capture of key IS strongholds, including the city of Shaddadi in eastern Syria, the strategic Tishrin Dam along the Euphrates, and more recently IS s former bastion of Manbij, south of the Turkish border. But now the U.S. had decided to drop the Syrian Democratic Forces despite their sterling anti-ISIS record and back Turkey even though it didn t seem very concerned about ISIS at all. Vice President Joe Biden laid down the law during a visit to Ankara on Wednesday. We have made it absolutely clear,  he said, that Kurdish forces  must move back across the river. They cannot, will not, and under no circumstances get American support if they do not keep that commitment, period. Why the About-FaceWhat is the reason for such a remarkable about-face? What makes the U.S. think it can get away with cultivating an alliance one moment and dropping it like a hot potato the next?The answer has to do with the phenomenon of liberal appeasement that Obama represents.Appeasement became a dirty word as a result of the 1938 Munich Crisis when Britain and France decided that allowing Hitler to dismember Czechoslovakia would somehow allay his appetite for more conquests. But in Obama s hands, it has come to mean something different: an endless attempt to satisfy conflicting demands by a growing number of client states.The states include not just Turkey but Israel, the Persian Gulf oil sheikdoms, plus the dozen East European states that have entered NATO since 1999. If America were an old-fashioned empire, it would issue orders and expect such dependents to fall into line. But as a  democratic  empire, it relies on cajoling, bargaining, and other inducements to achieve  voluntary  consent Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",Middle-east,"August 30, 2016",0
SEATTLE MAYOR WANTS TO HELP MUSLIMS FOLLOW SHARIA LAW BY OFFERING PLAN TO HELP BUY HOMES,"No word yet about the Mayor developing a plan to help Christians who refuse to bake wedding cakes for gays based on their religious beliefs For some Muslims, it can be hard to buy a house, and Mayor Ed Murray plans to do something about it.On Monday, Murray s housing committee released its recommendations for ways the city can increase housing in the city. Most ideas were what you d expect, including increasing the city s housing levy and implementing new rules and regulations to foster development of market-rate and lower-income housing.One suggestion would help followers of Sharia law buy houses. That s virtually impossible now because Sharia law prohibits payment of interest on loans. The 28-member committee recommended the city convene lenders and community leaders to explore options for increasing access to Sharia-compliant loan products.Based on what he called  rough anecdotal evidence,  Bukhari estimated a couple hundred people aren t borrowing money for houses due to their religion. He said this includes even high-wage earners, such as the more than 1,000 Muslims who work for Microsoft (Nasdaq: MFST) and more than 500 Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) employees.They could easily qualify for home loans but opt not to apply  simply because they don t want to pay interest,  Bukhari said.Murray will send legislation based on the committee s ideas to the City Council for consideration. During a press conference, he said he wants to help Muslims. We will work to develop new tools for Muslims who are prevented from using conventional mortgage products due to their religious beliefs,  Murray said.More and more lenders are offering Sharia-compliant financing, according to a USA Today report. The sector has grown to more than $1.6 trillion in assets worldwide over the past three decades, and analysts see potential for continued growth as the number of Muslims in the United States and Europe grows.It s unclear how many Muslims in Seattle would benefit from Murray s plan. The Washington state chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) estimates more than 30,000 Muslims live in the greater Seattle area, and Chapter Executive Director Arsalan Bukhari on Tuesday said it s  fairly common  for some not to seek loans. Via: Biz Journals",left-news,"Jul 17, 2015",0
"Putin, Trump to discuss North Korea on Tuesday: IFX cites Kremlin aide","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss North Korea when they hold a telephone conversation on Tuesday, Interfax news agency cited Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said earlier on Tuesday that the conversation would focus on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s visit to Russia which he made on Monday. ",worldnews,"November 21, 2017 ",1
" Trump Insists Stop And Frisk Wasn’t Ruled Unconstitutional – He’s Wrong, It Was (VIDEO)","The first presidential debate was Monday and let s just say that Donald Trump had a very bad night. One of the GOP candidate s easiest lies to expose was his insistence that  stop and frisk wasn t ruled unconstitutional. He s wrong, it absolutely was.Debate moderator Lester Holt asked Trump about his recent arguments in favor of  stop and frisk  and mentioned that the court has declared the practice unconstitutional on the grounds that it is discriminatory. Stop and frisk  was ruled unconstitutional in New York, because it largely singled out black and Hispanic young men    Trump cut Holt off mid-sentence: No, you re wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. Factcheck: U.S. District Court Judge Shira A. Scheindlin ruled  stop and frisk  to be unconstitutional August 12, 2013. According to the Center for Constitutional Rights, Judge Shira Scheindlin found the NYPD s practices to violate New Yorkers  Fourth Amendment rights to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures and also found that the practices were racially discriminatory in violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment, The Bloomberg administration did appeal the ruling. The order was then suspended by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals and the case was sent back to be tried again with a new judge presiding over the proceedings. However, the court shot down the city s motion and decided not to vacate Scheindlin s decision. The appeal was eventually dropped by the de Blasio administration.Trump, who has run a bigoted campaign right from the start, was completely undeterred by Holt s assertion of the facts and continued to argue vehemently in favor of the discriminatory policing practice.Watch Trump wrongly argue that  stop and frisk  wasn t ruled unconstitutional, even though it was, here:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 27, 2016",0
BOOM! SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS Sets Media Straight On Difference Between Trump Volunteer’s Meeting and Clinton-DNC Paying Millions For Fake Russian Dossier,"Daily Caller   The revelation on Monday that former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos has plead guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russian operatives thrust the little-known energy consultant into the national spotlight.Few details have been reported about the 30-year-old Papadopoulos, including how he ended up on the Trump campaign.Gateway Pundit reports that Papadopoulos was a volunteer whose repeated attempts to set up meetings between Trump s camp and Russians were outright rejected.The Washington Post reported back in August that Papadopoulos attempted to set up several meetings with Russia and all were rejected by Trump s camp.Watch Sarah Huckabee Sanders break down the difference between a Trump volunteer and Hillary and the DNC, who all of a sudden seems to have a renewed interest in Russian collusion again, after ignoring the bombshell revelation that Hillary and the DNC paid millions of dollars to create a phony Trump-Russia dossier. Sanders tells CBS News  Major Garrett,  The big difference here is you have a meeting that took place versus millions of dollars being sent to create fake information to actually influence the election. You compare those two, those are apples and oranges.What the Clinton campaign did, what the DNC did, was actually exchange money. They took a meeting. Those are far different. And one is pretty common practice in any campaign   to take a meeting. The other one is actually paying money for false information. That s a big deal and a big difference. Sarah Sanders doing what she does best  making a mockery of Obama's stenographers aka the imbeciles in the WH press corps.#MuellerMonday pic.twitter.com/yaEDNwHgcW  HailToTheCovfefe  (@MichelleRMed) October 30, 2017Sanders went on to say there is nothing in the indictment today changes nothing, and that The real collusion has everything to do with the Clinton campaign. Sarah Sanders: ""The real collusion has everything to do with the Clinton campaign."" pic.twitter.com/Og4ibRAeHC  Axios (@axios) October 30, 2017Sanders best line of the day was when she told rabid, anti-Trump, nut-job Jim Acosta of CNN to  finish your monologue. Love the bit where Sarah Sanders sez to @Acosta, ""Oh, finish your monologue "" on VOLUNTEER George Papadopoulos!  https://t.co/3e4ggYXhfA  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) October 30, 2017The adviser, George Papadopoulos, offered to set up  a meeting between us and the Russian leadership to discuss US-Russia ties under President Trump,  telling them his Russian contacts welcomed the opportunity, according to internal campaign emails read to The Washington Post.The proposal sent a ripple of concern through campaign headquarters in Trump Tower. Campaign co-chairman Sam Clovis wrote that he thought NATO allies should be consulted before any plans were made. Another Trump adviser, retired Navy Rear Adm. Charles Kubic, cited legal concerns, including a possible violation of U.S. sanctions against Russia and of the Logan Act, which prohibits U.S. citizens from unauthorized negotiation with foreign governments.The NY Daily News even reported that Manafort put the kibosh on the Russia meetings as well. We need someone to communicate that DT is not doing these trips,  Manafort told his business partner Rick Gates, an account his spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed to the Daily News Monday evening.The Gateway Pundit also reported that Papadopoulos was looking for a book deal just a few weeks ago.According to a screen shot of Papadopoulos s Facebook page tweeted by Guardian UK reporter Jon Swaine, the former aide sought book publisher recommendations three weeks ago. Interested in meeting with a prominent publisher. Recommendations welcome,   wrote Papadopoulos.Meanwhile Hillary s camp paid MILLIONS of dollars for a Russian dossier, a fraudulent document that most likely prompted a FISA warrant and ultimately led to the unmasking of Trump and his associates. ",politics,"Oct 30, 2017",0
Negative tone of White House race sours young voters,"BOSTON (Reuters) - The exceptionally negative tone of this year’s race for the White House is souring young Americans, turning some away from the democratic process just as the millennial generation has become as large a potential bloc of voters as the baby boomers. Reuters/Ipsos polling shows that Americans aged 18 to 34 are slightly less likely to vote for president this year than their comparably aged peers were in 2012. Some political scientists worry that this election could scar a generation of voters, making them less likely to cast ballots in the future. Young Americans on the left and right have found reasons to be dissatisfied with their choices this year. Senator Bernie Sanders had an enthusiastic following of younger people before he lost the Democratic primary race to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. On the Republican side, some are unwilling to vote for Donald Trump, citing the New York businessman’s sometimes insulting rhetoric on women, minorities and immigrants. Brandon Epstein, who turned 18 on Monday, had looked forward earlier in the year to casting his first vote for Sanders. Now, the resident of suburban Suffolk County, New York, plans to sit out the vote on Election Day, Nov. 8. “It’s because of the selection of the candidates. I find them to be not just sub-par, but unusually sub-par,” said Epstein, a student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in Cambridge, Massachusetts. “Something’s gone terribly wrong.” That sentiment is broadly reflected in poll data that show that young Americans are less enthusiastic about their choices in November than they were four years ago when Democratic President Barack Obama faced a re-election challenge from Republican Mitt Romney. Some 52.2 percent of respondents aged 18 to 34 told Reuters/Ipsos they were certain or almost certain to vote, compared with 56.1 percent who reported that level of certainty at the same point in 2012. The national tracking poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. It included 3,088 people between 18-34 years old who took the survey from Oct. 1 to Oct. 17, and 2,141 18-34 year olds who took the poll on the same days in 2012. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points for both groups. For at least the past half century, young Americans have voted at lower rates than their elders. But this year’s decline in enthusiasm is of particular concern because it comes as the millennial generation - people born from 1981 through 1997 - has become as large a bloc of eligible voters as the baby boomers - born between 1946 and 1964. Each group’s number of eligible voters is approaching 70 million people, according to the Pew Research Center. “This generation has never trusted the government, Wall Street or the media less,” John Della Volpe, director of polling at Harvard University’s Institute of Politics, said of the millennials. “That’s likely to result in turnout of less than 50 percent and of those who do turn out, there is still a deep cynicism regarding the impact of their vote, whether or not it will make a difference.” The projected low turnout is a particular concern given recent research showing how important habit is in encouraging voter participation. Put simply, a person who votes in one election is about 10 percent more likely to vote in the next than an eligible voter who opted to stay home, said Alexander Coppock, an assistant professor of political science at Yale University. “If you extend that logic, if you have an election that fails to turn people on to voting, you’d expect that you wouldn’t get that cumulative effect,” said Coppock, whose article “Is Voting Habit Forming?” was published in this month’s issue of the American Journal for Political Science. However, not all young voters unhappy with their choices will be staying home. Some plan to cast a ballot anyway, even if only in protest, rather than sitting out. That group includes Cameron Khansarinia, a 20-year-old vice president of the Harvard Republican Club, who said he would cast a ballot even though he opposed Trump. “I will definitely vote, I just don’t know if I will be writing someone in or voting for (Libertarian) Gary Johnson or even voting for Hillary Clinton when it gets down to it,” said Khansarinia, who is registered to vote in heavily Democratic California. “Once this is over, come Nov. 9, we will need people here to rebuild the party.” ",politicsNews,"October 24, 2016 ",1
Russia knew U.S.-backed Syrian forces were in area it bombed: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian jets bombed a target east of the Euphrates River near Dayr Az Zawr in Syria where it knew US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces and coalition advisers were located, the Pentagon said on Saturday.  Russian munitions impacted a location known to the Russians to contain Syrian Democratic Forces and coalition advisers,  the Pentagon said in a statement.  Several SDF fighters were wounded,  it added.  Coalition troops advising and assisting the SDF were not wounded, the Pentagon added. The SDF is an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition. (This story corrects spelling to Dayr Az Zawr, not Dayr Az Zawat in first paragraph) ",worldnews,"September 16, 2017 ",1
"Trump gets skewered, Clinton finds support at TV's Emmy awards","LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - As the U.S. presidential election draws near, television’s stars didn’t hold back on their opinions at Sunday’s Emmy awards, some taking jabs at Republican nominee Donald Trump while others voiced support for Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton.  During his opening monologue, Emmy host Jimmy Kimmel called out producer Mark Burnett, the producer of reality series “The Apprentice” and “Celebrity Apprentice” which Donald Trump hosted, saying “who is to blame for the Trump phenomenon? That guy.” “If Donald Trump gets elected and he builds that wall, the first person we are throwing over it is Mark Burnett,” Kimmel said, setting the political tone of the show 50 days before America elects its next president. Burnett, who later accepted the best reality series Emmy for “The Voice,” joked on stage that he had just received a call from Clinton criticizing Kimmel for giving Trump “free publicity on ABC.” “I’m sure Donald was thrilled with him, I’m sure he’s emailing Jimmy right now saying thanks for the free media,” Burnett told reporters backstage. Trump, known for his rapid-fire responses on Twitter, had nothing to say about the Emmys on Sunday night. After winning best comedy actress for a fifth consecutive time for HBO’s “Veep,” Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who plays flawed U.S. president Selina Meyer on the show, said “I want to personally apologize for the current political climate.” “I think that ‘Veep’ has torn down the wall between comedy and politics; our show started out as a political satire but it now feels like a sobering documentary,” she said on stage.  “Master of None” star Aziz Ansari, who penned an essay in June for the New York Times entitled “Why Trump Makes Me Scared for My Family,” quipped on stage, “I’ve decided I’m going with Trump.” “I’m recommending that we get rid of all Muslim and Mexican people from the ceremony. This would be so much easier at the Oscars,” the Muslim Indian-American actor joked, hinting at the controversy over the lack of diversity at film’s Oscar awards. “Mum, dad, you need to be escorted out immediately,” he added.  Backstage, “Transparent” creator Jill Soloway, who won best directing for a comedy series, criticized Trump for “other-izing people.”  “He blames Muslims and Mexicans for problems ... This is other-izing with a capital O. He needs to be called out every chance we get for being one of most dangerous monsters to ever approach our lifetimes,” Soloway said.  “Saturday Night Live” star Kate McKinnon won best supporting comedy actress and thanked Clinton, one of the people she plays on the NBC sketch series, and got a loud cheer from the crowd. In response, Clinton tweeted “Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too,” with a photo of McKinnon in character as Clinton. ",politicsNews,"September 19, 2016 ",1
U.S. lawmakers say Trump administration still lacks clear North Korea plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers said high-profile briefings by the Trump administration on North Korea on Wednesday failed to provide the firm strategy they had hoped for dealing with what they described as a major national security threat. As a standoff escalated over the reclusive Asian nation’s development of nuclear weapons and long-range ballistic missiles, President Donald Trump welcomed all 100 members of the Senate to a highly unusual meeting at the White House complex, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. While administration officials often travel to the Capitol to brief lawmakers on national security issues, this time the entire Senate hopped on buses to the White House. Vice President Mike Pence and the four officials later briefed the House of Representatives. That classified meeting took place in a secure auditorium at the Capitol complex. The briefings came as Trump tries to put the best face on his first 100 days in office. He has signed executive orders to roll back Democratic policies but the period has been defined by an absence of any major legislative achievements. A few Democrats dismissed the Senate White House “field trip” as little more than a photo opportunity.  Some Republicans were a little more enthusiastic. “It was an OK briefing,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters as he arrived back at the Senate. “I’m not certain I would have had the briefing today,” he said. Asked if the administration had a firm strategy, Senator John McCain, who chairs the Armed Services Committee, said, “They’re developing one.” This week, Trump has discussed North Korea with U.N. ambassadors, increased the U.S. military presence in the region, and leaned on China to pressure Pyongyang. Tillerson will chair a U.N. Security Council meeting on Friday to discuss tougher sanctions. After their briefing, members of the House expressed confidence in the administration officials who spoke, but some said they had real concerns. Representative Brad Sherman, a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said he was not convinced that the administration would do enough to control Pyongyang. “I regard that level of resolve as very modest, weak and maybe even phony. The only way to put enough pressure on North Korea is to get China to do it,” Sherman told reporters. Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said the administration wants to use “a variety” of tactics to push North Korea to give up its nuclear ambitions and said he agreed that all options must be on the table. “We have to have incredible military presence in the region, including missile defense, especially for this regime,” he said. ",politicsNews,"April 26, 2017 ",1
"Saudi riyal falls, bond may be delayed after U.S. Congress vote","DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi riyal fell against the U.S. dollar in the forward foreign exchange market on Thursday after the U.S. Congress voted to allow relatives of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia.  Any legal action could take years to wind through the U.S. court system, and analysts said there might be little if any impact on the Saudi economy or state finances. But the decision by Congress was an unwelcome reminder of political and financial pressures on Riyadh as low oil prices strain its budget. Saudi Arabia has been preparing to make its first international issue of sovereign bonds next month to raise $10 billion or more, but some Gulf bankers said the issue might now be delayed to give investors time to digest the news. Similarly, the legal threat could make Riyadh less likely to choose New York for a listing of shares in national oil giant Saudi Aramco. An offer of Aramco shares is expected as soon as 2017, possibly raising tens of billions of dollars, and Saudi officials have said they are considering several foreign bourses. The Senate and House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to override President Barack Obama’s veto of legislation granting an exception to the legal principle of sovereign immunity in cases of terrorism on U.S. soil. This clears the way for attempts to seek damages from the Saudi government. Riyadh has denied longstanding suspicions that it backed the hijackers who attacked the United States in 2001. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals. One-year dollar/riyal forwards, which are trades scheduled to take place 12 months from now, were at 550 points early on Thursday, up from Wednesday’s close of 330 points. They rose as far as an eight-week high of 625 points. The Saudi riyal is pegged at 3.75 to the dollar in the spot market, so banks often use the forwards market to hedge against risks. “In the short term you might have volatility but the legislation will take a decade to have a result, so markets will calm down,” predicted a banker involved in Gulf currency trade, adding the main impact might be to saddle the Saudi government with tens of millions of dollars in annual legal fees. Five-year Saudi credit default swaps, used to insure against the risk of a sovereign debt default, rose slightly to 157 points from 152, and the Saudi stock market fell slightly. But the price of state-run Saudi Electricity Co’s April 2023 dollar Islamic bond, one of the few outstanding international bonds from Saudi Arabia, did not move significantly. Some analysts speculated that trade and investment ties between Saudi Arabia and the United States could be hurt. The kingdom owns $96.5 billion of U.S. Treasury bonds, according to the latest official U.S. data, and is believed to hold at least that sum in other U.S. assets and bank accounts. “From a Saudi foreign ministry perspective, there will be a review of investment policy and that could move the kingdom down a different path, which could include diversification away from U.S. Treasuries,” the Gulf banker said. In May, Saudi foreign minister Adel al-Jubeir said the proposed U.S. law “would cause an erosion of investor confidence” in the United States, though he added that Riyadh was not threatening to pull its money out of the country. Riyadh has been selling several billion dollars in U.S. bonds each month to cover its budget deficit, and bankers think it is unlikely to step this up as a result of the Congress vote. That is because few other markets or currencies provide the combination of liquidity and security of the $13 trillion U.S. Treasury market. Saudi Arabia has also been eagerly courting investment by top U.S. companies such as General Electric Co to help diversify its economy beyond oil, and a trade or investment war with the United States could damage its economic reform drive. “The U.S. is a market where the Saudis will continue to invest. I don’t think they’ll adopt a knee-jerk reaction to their investments,” said John Sfakianakis, economist with the Jeddah-based Gulf Research Centre. “If it makes sense, they will continue to keep their assets in the United States.” ",politicsNews,"September 29, 2016 ",1
 New York’s Attorney General Could Literally Put Trump Out Of Business,"After perhaps the worst day in presidential history, something is brewing in New York that could do far more damage than any political scandal ever could. It could put Trump completely out of business.A group in New York State is petitioning New York s Attorney General, Eric Schneiderman, long a critic of Trump, is being urged to pull Trump s business charter altogether.The group is called Free Speech for People. They, like many liberal advocacy groups, are best known for ill-fated petitions, like this one attempting to impeach Trump. However, things could be different this time because of timing.The group did not unearth any new information about Trump s company. Instead, it dug up the company s past legal infractions, such settlements over housing discrimination charges in the 1970s and fraud allegations at Trump University last year, and argued that Schneiderman ought to take action against the company now that Trump has become president and declined to sell his interests. By continuing to operate under Trump family ownership and control with President Trump in the White House, the Trump Organization flagrantly abuses its state-granted powers, contrary to the public policies of New York against corruption and conflicts of interest, and contrary to the U.S. Constitution,  the letter reads.Source: Washington PostWith one breaking scandal after another since the day Trump took office (less than four weeks ago), the public mood, especially in blue state New York, it turning against the wannabe dictator. Between Trump s Russia scandals (potential treason) and the fact that Trump refuses to divest himself from his business interests.While most in politics might dismiss the letter as being from liberal cranks (conservative cranks are typically the only ones politicians pay attention to), Free Speech for People have chosen the right target. Schneiderman has been fighting Trump since before Trump became a birther. He s currently in the process of suing Trump over immigration and he was one of the plaintiffs in the Trump University case.Schneiderman has acknowledged the letter, which is more than most would likely give us. Let s hope he takes up the cause. If you are in New York, contact Schneiderman s office at 800-771-7755.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",News,"February 15, 2017",0
South Sudan rebels say army attacked them after signing ceasefire,"JUBA (Reuters) - A South Sudanese rebel group on Friday accused government troops of attacking their base only a day after the parties signed a ceasefire in a four-year war that has killed tens of thousands of people.  The ceasefire, that would allow humanitarian groups access to civilians caught in the fighting, formally comes into force on Sunday morning.  On Friday afternoon, a spokesman for the SPLA-IO rebel group said army forces had attacked a rebel base in Deim Jalab, in the western part of the country. Lam Paul Gabriel said two rebels and five government troops were killed in the fighting. The army spokesman in the capital, Juba, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The war that began in late 2013 in the world s youngest nation has forced a third of the population to flee their homes. The United Nations describes the violence as ethnic cleansing.  Earlier this year, pockets of the country plunged briefly into famine. The latest round of talks in the Ethiopian capital,  convened by the East African bloc IGAD, brought the warring sides back to the negotiating table after a 2015 peace deal collapsed last year during heavy fighting in Juba. After the new agreement was signed on Thursday, South Sudan s Information Minister Michael Makuei Leuth told journalists:  The cessation of hostilities will be effective 72 hours from now. As of now, we will send messages to all the commands in the field to abide by this cessation of hostilities.   From now onwards, there will be no more fighting,  he added.  Just talks.  The German foreign ministry welcomed the agreement as an important step toward bringing peace to South Sudan.  We call on all participating parties to implement the agreement in a comprehensive and sustainable manner, and to ensure that humanitarian organizations are not hindered in doing their work,  a ministry spokeswoman said. ",worldnews,"December 22, 2017 ",1
"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Sept 18) - U.S. Air Force, CIA","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!  [0914 EDT] - Happy 70th Birthday @CIA!  [0916 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",worldnews,"September 18, 2017 ",1
"As Congo refugees pour over border, Angola's backing for Kabila in doubt","DUNDO, Angola (Reuters) - Captured by militia and accused of being married to a Congolese government official, Kimpanga Caro could smell the fire she was told would be used to burn her decapitated head to ash. Caro, whose husband is a pastor not an official, was freed when one of the militiamen recognized her. She raced back home to find her husband in their ransacked village. They fled south, on foot with their five children, towards a country they heard was safe: Angola. Thirty thousand of her compatriots have made the same journey so far, among 1.4 million people driven from their homes in a year of violence in the central Kasai region of the Democratic Republic of Congo. There are signs that the refugee crisis is causing Angola   a powerful regional ally that helped sustain Congolese President Joseph Kabila and his father in power for two decades   to question its support for the leader of its volatile neighbor. At least 3,300 people have been killed in Kasai since the Kamuina Nsapu militia launched an insurrection to force a military withdrawal from the area. Refugees say villages have been destroyed and women have been raped both by the militiamen and by soldiers who have fought them. Their flight into the Angolan province of Lunda Norte has brought an international relief effort to the area for the first time since Angola s own 27-year civil war ended in 2002. A cooling in Angola s support for Kabila would leave the Congolese president more isolated than ever and make it even harder for him to hang on to power beyond the end of this year, when he has pledged to hold an election already a year late. Angola, with the third largest economy in sub-Saharan Africa and one of the region s strongest militaries, has twice in the past sent troops to prop up Kabila. Now, its soldiers are trying to contain the violence on the frontier. Luanda has doubled its troops and police on the border, according to Marcelino Caetano, provincial director of the Service for Migration and Foreigners, responsible for Lunda Norte province s 770-kilometre border with the DRC.  We will maintain this level of control for as long as we have to,  he said in his cramped, well-guarded offices in Dundo, an old diamond mining town just 9 kilometers from the border, declining to give exact numbers for Angolan troops in the area. Angola had pushed Kinshasa to allow U.N. officials into Kasai to help, but the Congolese have declined, he said. Since March, two Angolan border guards and one immigration official have been killed in attacks by Congolese militia on four separate border posts, said Inacio Feliciano, a senior police commander. Aid agencies suspect Angolan forces are patrolling inside Congo, though Caetano denied this. The unrest is not the only change that could alter Angola s policy of supporting Kabila: in Luanda, a new president is about to take power after 38 years of rule by Jose Eduardo dos Santos. Jo o Louren o, a military man and former defense minister, lacks dos Santos s historic ties with Kabila and his father Laurent, who took power in Congo in 1997 and was killed in 2001. Louren o regards Kabila as an increasingly destabilizing force, according to a diplomat familiar with his thinking, although the diplomat said military intervention against Kabila remains unlikely as it would probably make things worse.  He doesn t want a Libya on his doorstep.  Angola has worried about the 2,600-kilometre border it shares with the DRC for decades. During Angola s civil war, enemies of the ruling MPLA party hid, trained and armed in the former Zaire. Unrest in the vast, mineral rich Congo has had a tendency to draw its neighbors into regional conflict. With the victims of the Kasai violence now crossing into Angola and the threat of militia groups moving across the border too, the benefit of keeping Kabila as an ally is less obvious. At the Chissanda crossing last week, located just north of Dundo, two officials said the border was closed. Guards sat around chatting and watching the sun set. Authorities say they are letting refugees cross, though the stream has stopped in recent weeks. Some are even choosing to return home. The Congolese army says it has taken back control of Kasai, though Commander Feliciano said he had received reports of clashes around the city of Kananga on Sept 7. Refugees interviewed by Reuters told of soldiers raping and executing residents for supporting the militia in villages the army had taken back.  We expect it to get worse again as we approach the end of the year,  said Guy-Rufin Guernas, the local head for the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) in Dundo. Kabila agreed to hold presidential elections, due in 2016, by December. But the vote looks unlikely to happen by then, potentially sparking a violent backlash. UNHCR is working on the basis that another 50,000 refugees could cross into Angola before 2017 ends. To accommodate them, a new settlement is being constructed about 100 km outside Dundo, in the municipality of Lovua. Last Wednesday, recent arrivals were digging up roots on the 25x25 meter plots of land that families are being given in this remote area of sparse forest. Getting equipment, from solar lights to bulldozers, is difficult and expensive. Located at the north-eastern tip of Angola, Dundo s airport only just re-opened. Most goods are brought in by truck from Saurimo, the provincial capital of neighboring Lunda Sul, three hours away. At night there is almost total darkness. Buying basic goods is difficult. The cost of taking in the refugees is steep for Angola, which is in the midst of recession after the fall in the price of oil, its main source of wealth.  Angola has had its own war, it understands the suffering these people are going through,  said Guernas. In Cacanda, an earlier more ad-hoc settlement where nearly 7,000 refugees are still crammed under tarpaulin before they move to Lovua, many complain of a lack of food and shelter. Rafael Tshimbumba, 50, says the conditions may be basic but he cannot return to Kasai. He lost four children in the violence, when militias arrived at his village and began killing anyone that spoke Tshiluba, language of the Baluba people, highlighting the increasingly tribal element of the conflict.  Here at least we are safe,  he said, wearing the red and black t-shirt of the MPLA party that governs Angola. For Caro, who escaped from Congo with her pastor husband after the militia threatened to kill her, the flight itself led only to more danger. As the family stopped to rest in a village near the border, a passing car snatched her 5-year old boy. She searched for him for days and put a message out on the local radio, but found nothing.  Only God knows where he s gone,  she said, holding her youngest child in her arms. ",worldnews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
 Paul Ryan Claims GOP Wouldn’t Try To Have Democrat Facing Similar Charges To Trump Impeached,"Sometimes you get the feeling that Paul Ryan has forgotten exactly who he works for. Despite the fact that while campaigning, Donald Trump had his supporters chant  Lock her up!  in reference to Hillary Clinton using a private email server, Ryan believes that Republicans wouldn t call for the impeachment of a Democratic president accused of actions similar President Trump s.While James Comey confirmed in his hearing before a senate committee that he has no doubt that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election and that Trump tried to influence a criminal investigation, in response to a question from a reporter at his weekly Capitol press conference as to whether Republicans would be in favor of impeachment at this point, Ryan s answer was one of simple denial. No. I don t think we would, actually. I don t think that s at all the case,  Ryan said, despite belonging to a party that impeached a president over oral sex.Ryan admitted on MSNBC the previous night that it was  obviously  inappropriate to ask for the then-FBI director s loyalty, but claimed during the Capitol press conference that he felt sympathy toward Trump when it came to the topic of James Comey telling the president that he personally wasn t under investigation. What I got out of that testimony is, we now know why he was so frustrated when the FBI director told him three times there s no investigation of him, yet that speculation was allowed to continue,  said Ryan.Maybe if the president wasn t so self-centered and perhaps a little smarter he would ve reworded his question, because Comey made the point clear during his testimony   The FBI has no individual file on Donald Trump, thus Trump himself wasn t personally under investigation. His campaign, on the other hand, is and that consists of more people than just Donald Trump. And if Trump became a person of interest and was directly under investigation, it would create a duty to publicly correct the record.But since when has Donald Trump ever really thought about anybody besides Donald Trump?Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",News,"June 9, 2017",0
Republican Cruz apologizes for email implying Carson might exit race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz apologized to Ben Carson on Tuesday over an email his campaign sent on Monday night that implied Carson was about to drop out of the race and that his Iowa backers should be urged to vote for Cruz instead. A staffer for Cruz sent the email after rumors began circulating that Carson would return to Florida following Iowa’s caucuses on Monday rather than go straight to New Hampshire or South Carolina, other early voting states in the state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election. “The press is reporting that Dr. Ben Carson is taking time off from the campaign trail after Iowa and making a big announcement next week,” the email read, according to CNN. “Please inform any Carson caucusgoers of this news and urge them to caucus for Ted Cruz.” Carson said he was simply leaving Iowa to avoid a winter storm and to get fresh clothes before continuing his campaign on Wednesday. The retired neurosurgeon, who said his fourth-place performance in Iowa would have been better had the email never been sent, criticized the move as “a dirty trick” and said the Cruz campaign should face some kind of consequences. “What this does is makes me more determined than ever to try to save our country,” Carson said on Fox News on Tuesday. In an apology released on Tuesday afternoon, Cruz, who won the Iowa Republican caucuses, categorized the email as a regular update the campaign would send to grassroots leaders. But the U.S. senator from Texas acknowledged another email should have been sent once Carson clarified he was not dropping out. “This was a mistake from our end, and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson,” Cruz wrote. Carson accepted the apology, his communications director, A. Larry Ross, said in a statement later on Tuesday. “This incident further demonstrates that we need an individual who is not a politician to lead and to heal our nation, not someone driven by ambition,” Ross said, adding that Carson would continue his campaign in New Hampshire and South Carolina. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said he would not interfere in the situation. “You take them at their word for it, and you move on to the next state,” he said on CNN. The question remains whether the dispute will hurt Cruz, a favorite of conservative evangelicals looking to win over Carson supporters should Carson drop out. Dartmouth University political scientist Linda Fowler said it could hurt Cruz if other candidates start to pick up on the interaction and say: “There’s a reason why nobody likes Ted Cruz, and here it is.”  (Reporting by Megan Cassella, Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson; Editing by Peter Cooney and Cynthia Osterman) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",politicsNews,"February 2, 2016 ",1
Congress could undo Obama-era student loan relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress could as soon as January start to dismantle President Barack Obama’s transformation of student loan rules by blocking freshly minted regulations designed to help students who say they were defrauded by for-profit colleges. The new measures, which lay out loan relief procedures for the students, were issued by the Department of Education just days before the election. That is recent enough to allow the new Republican-led Congress to disapprove them under a 1996 law called the Congressional Review Act. It gives Congress 60 legislative days to reverse regulations with a simple vote. Republicans opposed the rule when it was proposed. Lamar Alexander, who chairs the Senate committee on education, is considering introducing a resolution that would overturn the so-called “Borrower Defense” rule, according to a spokeswoman.  Even without a legislative reversal, president-elect Donald Trump, who ran on an anti-regulation platform and started his own for-profit school, could instruct agencies to be more restrictive in how they interpret this rule and others aimed at easing student loan burdens. Students who attended the now-defunct Trump University did not qualify for federal loans and are not eligible for loan relief. Trump is facing civil lawsuits alleging fraud related to the school. After he was elected president, the stocks of for-profit education companies rose. The borrower defense rule was inspired by the meltdown of Corinthian Colleges Inc. in 2015, according to Rohit Chopra, who worked on the Corinthian case at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and later moved to the Department of Education as a special adviser. In recent months, ITT Tech. Inc. has also folded, leaving students adrift. By law, students at struggling technical and professional colleges are already allowed relief on federal loans, but the new rule creates a path for getting that relief. Students can make a fraud claim to the Education Department and then apply for a refund of federal money they borrowed and then paid to the school. It is the payment on a fraud complaint - sometimes made in the absence of any actual conviction - that rankles Republicans. They also dislike that the rule leaves students free to file class action suits against the schools, instead of arbitrating all disputes, said Neal McCluskey, who follows higher education at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank.  It is not clear how many students - or how much in loans - would be affected by the new rule. The Education Department says it has already approved $250 million in relief to more than 15,000 applications from students who borrowed to attend Corinthian. The projected 10-year federal government expenses associated with the rules total $16 billion.  Congressional disapproval resolutions have failed in the past, because Obama vetoed them. But in 2017, anti-regulation Republicans will control the House, the Senate and the White House, and it takes only a simple majority of both chambers to reverse a rule.  Education Secretary John King defends the rule, saying his department went through a very thorough rule-making process and addressed thousands of comments in the final version of the regulations. “The fact remains that students need some sort of process for student loan discharge in the case of a school closure or fraud,” said Justin Draeger, president of the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators. “I’m not sure it’s as easy as simply voiding the entire regulation.” There are other higher education reforms a Trump administration might undo, said Elizabeth Baylor, director for post-secondary education at left-leaning Center for American Progress. Many borrower programs instituted under Obama are at the education secretary’s discretion, and Trump could appoint someone stricter on granting relief. A new secretary could also simply discontinue programs, she said.  In the same vein, Steve Gunderson, president of Career Education Colleges and Universities, says Congress could block the new rule without a resolution, either through an upcoming budget bill or education legislation. ",politicsNews,"November 17, 2016 ",1
 Dan Rather Says What Every Person With A Moral Compass Is Thinking Regarding Sean Spicer & Trump,"It s gotten to the point where if Donald Trump doesn t fire Sean Spicer for his egregious remarks about the Holocaust, Assad and Syria, he should be seen as agreeing with Spicer s sentiment as well as condoning it.It s disgusting, to say the least, and the legendary Dan Rather just released a statement that should summarize what every person with a decent moral compass is thinking right now.Rather wrote: It is with sadness that I do not know where to begin. Today in a briefing, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued a statement that is so far beyond the pale, so tone deaf and blind to history and our precarious moment in world affairs, that it is with only a heavy heart that I even bring attention to it. There can be no joy in such incompetence.In trying to make the case for the Administration s policy in Syria and vis a vis Russia which is confused to be generous, and wildly chaotic to be more precise, Mr. Spicer said,  We didn t use chemical weapons in World War II. You know, you had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn t even sink to using chemical weapons.  He continued,  So you have to, if you are Russia, ask yourself: Is this a country and a regime that you want to align yourself with?  When asked to clarify, Mr. Spicer said,  I think when you come to sarin gas, he (Hitler) was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing.  Mr. Spicer went on to mention  Holocaust centers,  in an apparent reference to the Nazi concentration camps.This line of rhetoric is so unhinged, so amateurish, so lacking in the context and perspective necessary for statesmanship and diplomacy that I do not see how Mr. Spicer can be allowed to continue in his current position. But in the end, this is less about him and more about an Administration that is inserting itself in a civil war and now is plunging into a drastic reformulation of American foreign policy without any clear sense that they have a plan. When you try to explain such a situation, it is understandable that your words don t make sense.A bar, already set low, continues to drop. If Trump doesn t fire Spicer then he is fully condoning Holocaust denial within his administration. This shouldn t only outrage America, but cause a massive resistance against the current administration that has never been seen before. This must not be condoned or accepted. It is not okay.Featured Photo by Kirk Irwin/Getty Images for SiriusXM",News,"April 11, 2017",0
Trump campaign member praises Oregon wildlife refuge occupation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the armed standoff at a national wildlife refuge in Oregon had gone on “too long,” and that once people are allowed to take over federal property, “you don’t have a government anymore.”     But last week, after he made those comments, the head of a veterans’ group formed by his campaign traveled to Oregon to meet with protesters whom he described as a “peaceful” and “constitutionally just” movement.     Although Jerry DeLemus, a 61-year-old retired Marine, said he made the visit on his own rather than as a representative of Trump’s campaign, he is the only member of a presidential campaign to have openly visited the occupation of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge since it began on Jan. 2.     His presence at the Oregon standoff highlights the array of extreme views in Trump’s support base, as the billionaire real-estate mogul taps a vein of grassroots supporters who are deeply upset with current federal leadership in his quest to lead the Republican Party in this year’s presidential election. In an interview on Tuesday, DeLemus told Reuters that while he was skeptical of the occupation at first, he now thinks the group is enjoying “great success” in resisting the “thug-like, terroristic” actions of the federal government by claiming the land for local citizens. Trump’s campaign has received support from several other sources who hold more extreme views than him, including white supremacist groups that recently launched a pro-Trump automated telephone campaign in Iowa and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, whose endorsement Trump rejected in August.     Unlike those supporters, however, DeLemus is a formal member of Trump’s campaign and says he plans to help inform the candidate about the true nature of the standoff in Oregon in an effort to convince Trump to support their cause.     The armed protesters garrisoned at the wildlife refuge are led by Ammon Bundy, a rancher from Nevada. The occupation, which began as a protest against the extended prison sentences of local ranchers who set fire to federal land, is now focused on reclaiming the federal land in the county for local citizens.     “It’s my intention to ensure that he has the whole story,” DeLemus said of Trump. “I think it’ll really arouse him, and once he understands, I wouldn’t be surprised to see him heading out West.” The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment.      Dan Shea, a professor of government at Maine’s Colby College who has studied the polarization of American voters, says the Oregon standoff would likely have strong appeal to some Trump supporters.  “What Trump supporters want is dramatic action, and for some, what’s happening in Oregon is an example of that.”     DeLemus has a history of expressing views and taking actions that are more extreme than those of Trump, who has been criticized by Democrats and Republicans alike for what some see as a stream of shocking, offensive and radical remarks.      In 2014, DeLemus spent about a month in Nevada leading a makeshift militia in a standoff with the Bureau of Land Management on behalf of rancher Cliven Bundy, whose sons are leading the Oregon occupation.      Last year, DeLemus also made headlines for planning an art contest for people to draw the Prophet Mohammad in New Hampshire, though he called it off for public safety reasons. Depictions of the prophet of Islam are considered offensive by many Muslims. ",politicsNews,"January 14, 2016 ",1
The Court Case Against the ‘Travel Ban’ Executive Order,"21st Century Wire says The legal battle is waging on over President Trump s Executive Order Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US when on Saturday the Department of Justice requested a lift of the stay placed on enforcement of the Executive Order. The federal appeal court denied the DoJ s request, noting the the plaintiffs should first be given an opportunity to respond. Contrary to what many media outlets are saying, this was not a case of the courts saying that the order is  unconstitutional  as the ACLU and a number of Attorney Generals are claiming, but is standard practice in appeals cases.The Duran provides some further legal analysis on this developing case below  Alexander Mercouris The DuranThe legal moves and counter-moves in the court case concerning Donald Trump s  travel ban  Executive Order may appear complicated, but in reality they follow standard practice.  Since there are some misunderstandings in reporting them I will provide a brief explanation.The federal judge in Seattle on Friday did not rule that the Executive Order is unconstitutional or illegal.  Rather he ordered a temporary two week stay on the enforcement of the Executive Order until this question of its legality is decided in further argument before him in two weeks time.In doing so the judge acted fully within his powers, though as I understand it he took a different view from a different federal judge in Massachusetts who apparently refused to grant a similar stay when he was asked to do so at roughly the same time that the judge in Seattle was making his decision.The Department of Justice is appealing the stay.  It is doing so on the grounds that the Executive Order is fully legal and constitutional and needs to be brought back into force immediately in order to protect the US from potential terrorists, who might take advantage of the stay to enter the US during the two week period when it is in effect.On Saturday the Department of Justice asked the federal appeal court in San Francisco (which will hear the appeal) to lift the stay.  The federal appeal court however refused to do so, saying that the plaintiffs who applied for the stay should be given an opportunity to respond.  It gave the plaintiffs until Sunday (ie. today) to file their objections to the Department of Justice s application to lift the stay, with the Department of Justice instructed to file its counter-objections on Monday (ie. tomorrow).Contrary to some media claims, this is completely standard practice during appeals.  It would be very unusual for an appeal court to set aside a judge s order   even a temporary order   without a full hearing, and the Department of Justice will undoubtedly have known this when it applied to the appeal court to have the stay lifted on Saturday.The reason the Department of Justice made the application on Saturday is because it wants to emphasise to the appeal court the urgency of the situation.  This is important, not just because of the danger of terrorists entering the US during the period of the stay, but because unless the appeal court is convinced of the urgency of the situation it will simply say that the Department of Justice should wait until the hearing ordered by the federal judge in Seattle in two weeks time.In other words by insisting that the stay be lifted immediately the Department of Justice is providing reasons to the appeal court to take the case out of the federal judge s hands, so that it can decide the case itself.  That was the true purpose of the application on Saturday, and it succeeded.I expect the appeal court in San Francisco to decide the appeal this week, possibly as soon as Tuesday or Wednesday.As I am not an expert in US constitutional law I do not know what the outcome of the appeal will be.  I should say that it would be completely wrong to try to guess the outcome from the decision the appeal court took on Saturday.The appeal will be purely on the question of the rightness or otherwise of the stay.  If the appeal decision goes against the President it will be for the Department of Justice to put his case to the federal judge at the full hearing in two weeks time.  If that decision also goes against the President, he can appeal again to the federal appeal court in San Francisco, and beyond that to the Supreme Court.By contrast if the Department of Justice wins the appeal this week then I would expect the plaintiffs to drop the case in Seattle and try to go directly to the Supreme Court.  Since the appeal court would have effectively affirmed the legality of the Executive Order, there would be little point in the plaintiffs continuing to contest the Executive Order before the federal judge in Seattle Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"February 6, 2017",0
Kenya not at risk of constitutional crisis ahead of election re-run: top legal official,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya will not face a constitutional or political crisis even if a planned re-run of its presidential election, now set for Oct. 26, is delayed beyond the end of October, the attorney general said on Friday. The Supreme Court this month annulled President Uhuru Kenyatta s August 8 election win, citing irregularities, and ordered the election board to organize a new poll by the end of October. Kenyatta is expected to face off again with opposition leader Raila Odinga. Odinga s lead lawyer in a petition that led to the invalidation of Kenyatta s re-election, James Orengo, said on Wednesday that if the election were not held by the end of October, Kenyatta s term in office would cease, thrusting the country into a deep constitutional crisis.  The government now in office legitimately remains in office by full force of the constitution until the fresh election is complete and the new leader sworn in , Githu Muigai, the attorney general, told a news conference.  (Any delay in poll) does not delegitimize the constitutional order of the day... There is absolutely no chance of a crisis around the date because the election did take place and... we are again inside the election cycle,  he added. Odinga s NASA coalition said it believed Kenyatta s term would end 60 days after the Supreme Court ruling on Sept. 1 that nullified the August election. Odinga has said he will not take part in the election if certain conditions are not met, including the removal of some election board officials. Moses Wetangula, one of NASA s leaders, accused Muigai of misreading the constitution.  He s simply being mischievous,  Wetangula told a news conference also addressed by Odinga on Friday.  Kenya has the region s richest economy and is a key Western ally in a region often shaken by violence. The repeat election is being closely watched for signs of tension that could spark violence as in 2007 when more than 1,000 Kenyans were killed. This week Kenyatta accused the Supreme Court of staging a  coup  against the will of the people when it annulled his win, in a sign that the political rhetoric is heating up ahead of the new poll.    Odinga accused Kenyatta of dragging Kenya down the path of other African states that have suffered upheaval over elections, including Gambia. He added the opposition had lost hope that Kenyatta would  sober up, mature and see the need to stop . On Thursday the election board pushed back the date of the election re-run to Oct. 26 after a French firm whose technology is being used in the polls said it was nearly impossible to be ready for the originally scheduled date of Oct. 17. ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
 Privileged Trump Supporter Cries ‘Discrimination’ When Bakery Won’t Make ‘Trump 2016’ Cake (VIDEO),"Most of us know that Donald Trump s fanbase is made up of some of the most privileged members of American society. A good majority of Trump supporters are straight white men (and some women) who have never been faced with a true obstacle or discrimination a day in their life. But if you ask them, they d likely only complain about how oppressed they are   and this recent incident between a bakery and a Trump supporter is a perfect example.This week, 17-year-old Trump supporter McKenzie Gill went to get a birthday cake made up at her local Albertsons. To prove just how much of a die-hard fan she was of the business mogul, she wanted her cake to read  Trump 2016   a celebration of both her 18th birthday and the mark of her first vote in America s election process.However, things didn t exactly go according to plan. When Gill went to order the cake, the woman behind the counter refused to put  Trump 2016  on it. She said she could put an American flag design on the cake, but definitely not the words  Trump 2016.  In response, Gill took after her yellow-haired role model and threw a temper tantrum on social media. In a Facebook post, she wrote: The woman behind the cake counter just refused to make me a birthday cake because I wanted  Trump 2016  on it. Did that really just happen? FacebookGill got her cake made up elsewhere and made a formal complaint to Albertsons about being refused. Albertsons apologized and said that the women who d refused to write  Trump 2016  on the cake had misunderstood the store s policy to not use copyrighted phrases in its designs. In an interview, Gill said: It s your job, we re not really going for your opinion on what you think of the candidates we were just wanting  Trump 2016  on the cake. You can check out the interview with Gill below, courtesy of KSLA:Featured image is a screenshot",News,"September 7, 2016",0
Zimbabwe war vets leader says Mugabe will be impeached,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The leader of Zimbabwe s war veterans said on Sunday plans to impeach President Robert Mugabe would go ahead as scheduled after the 93-year-old leader defied expectations that he would resign in a national address. Chris Mutsvangwa, who has been leading a campaign to oust Mugabe, told Reuters in a text message moments after Mugabe finished his speech that people would take to the streets of Harare on Wednesday. ",worldnews,"November 19, 2017 ",1
OOPS! DINESH D’SOUZA Points Out Something That’s Missing In Photo With #WannabePresident Obama And Baby At Airport,"Twitter moments reported that Alaska mom Jolene Jackinsky was waiting at an airport when she noticed the former president, who was immediately drawn to her baby.Barack Obama can be seen posing and smiling with a baby he randomly saw in the airport. Not surprisingly, ABC News reported on the supposedly spontaneous photo and included a dramatic quote from the mother of the baby as their headline, that made it seem as though Jesus himself appeared at the airport in front of the baby s mother:  Oh my God, it is Obama : Alaska mom, baby meet ex-president""Oh my God, it is Obama"": Alaska mom, baby meet ex-president https://t.co/hig00Hf1uQ pic.twitter.com/zKhxy7oWnw  ABC News (@ABC) July 8, 2017Liberals on Twitter were beside themselves with excitement over America s worst President, Barack Obama.I would cry so many tears if Obama held my child https://t.co/AtP8Afxph5  Jasmin Roederer (@JazzyFlagrant) July 8, 2017The ex I will never get over https://t.co/YQBFpGMLwN  Chaffer with no S (@jchaf15) July 8, 2017Not everyone was so impressed with the former president s pose with the baby at the airport. Dinesh D Souza appeared more concerned about the whereabouts of Barack Obama s wedding ring than the ex-President s photo with the baby. D Souza s tweet asks: What happened to the wedding ring he used to wear as POTUS?  What happened to the wedding ring he used to wear as POTUS?   https://t.co/o4Y2oodFpg  Debbie D'Souza (@Debber66) July 8, 2017D Souza has a good point. Where is the ring? He didn t seem to go anywhere without it when he was campaigning or when he was President. So why is the ring missing now? Here are just a few examples of Obama holding babies while wearing his wedding ring:  Hmmm .interesting question Dinesh Where is Barry s ring?Perhaps someone should ask his lovely wife ",politics,"Jul 8, 2017",0
 Nobody In Oregon Seems To Want The Bundy Militia There,"After going to all the trouble of leaving their bunkers that are stocked with toilet paper and bullets, the Bundy militia arrived in Oregon just to be told to go the hell home by the locals.Both the Hammond family who are at the center of this ruckus and local residents alike are critical of the Bundys  idiot militia being in their town. A lawyer for the Hammond family released a statement on the situation saying,  Neither Ammon Bundy nor anyone within his group/organization speak for the Hammond Family. Koin.com reports that even though some locals did march with the protesters, many others felt the out-of-towners should just leave them to deal with their own problems without interfering:While some locals did march with the protesters, others felt it was too much. Some posted signs to protest the protesters. I want them to go home,  resident Bee Bee Sitz said.  We take care of ourselves. Another resident, Kainan Jordan, said,  I don t think all of these outsiders coming here is necessary. I think they intimidate the local people. Source: koin.comOne protest organizer, Pete Santilli, is a right-wing internet radio hack and current resident on the terrorist watch list. Santilli doesn t even appear to be a resident of the state of Oregon. His website shows that he broadcasts his internet radio show from Ohio. The Bundy boys are not residents of Oregon, either. This entire operation seems to be an uninvited patriot telethon requesting  donations  so the masterminds of this fiasco can play soldier instead of getting a real job.People can t even send their children to school because they are closed all week due to the militia presence. It took only two days for these so-called patriots to cause negative effects on the town they are supposedly there to improve.MILITIA UPDATE: The local school district in Burns announced it will keep schools closed all week because of the militia situation.  Les Zaitz (@LesZaitz) January 3, 2016The irony of the situation is that the militia has become the very thing they claim the federal government to be   an outside non-authoritative entity trying to force their own rules onto how the local people deal with their land.Featured image via Twitter",News,"January 4, 2016",0
 Bill Maher Hilariously Rips Donald Trump’s Unemployment Lie To Shreds (VIDEO),"On Friday, during a segment of Real Time with Bill Maher, the comedic host utterly destroyed Donald Trump s latest round of lies. The most notable example of Trump s no f#cks given, blatant lying relates to unemployment. Trump has stated multiple times that he has  heard  that the unemployment rate is really somewhere around 40 percent. Trump s continued use of the bogus talking point, has recently garnered new attention.Politifact gave Trump a  Pants on Fire  rating when he made the claim during a televised press conference back in September. It is just one among his total of the 18  Pants on Fire  ratings that Trump has received from them. During the press conference, Trump said: The number isn t reflective. I ve seen numbers of 24 percent   I actually saw a number of 42 percent unemployment. Forty-two percent. 5.3 percent unemployment   that is the biggest joke there is in this country.   The unemployment rate is probably 20 percent, but I will tell you, you have some great economists that will tell you it s a 30, 32. And the highest I ve heard so far is 42 percent. Maher marveled at how ridiculous the claim is. Maher pondered what exactly an America with a 40% unemployment would look like. He mentions the horrific realities of the life during the Great Depression. During that dark time in the United States economic history, the unemployment rate was at its highest was 25 percent. Almost half of Trump s claim. Maher asks: Do you have any idea what America would look like with 40 percent unemployment? In the Great Depression, people were jumping out of windows and selling apples on the street. Maher laid part of the blame for Trump and other Republican s ability to get away with making such bold and obvious lies, with the media. He points out the lack of outrage in the media over the Supreme Court s decision earlier this week to block most of President Obama s new carbon emission rules, as an example.You can watch the segment below, in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXVhR5rC7rg Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube ",News,"February 13, 2016",0
DEPARTMENT STORE MANNEQUINS Changed to Give Nazi Salute…Shoppers Ignore,"Is this a case of the left protesting again by doing something so childish? This smells like the left. Calling conservatives Nazis is their latest attempt at using Alinsky tactics to pick a target and attack it. The department store is looking at the camera footage to see who did this.A row of mannequins inside a North Carolina department store were rearranged over the weekend to make it look like they were giving a Nazi salute.A TACTIC OF THE LEFT?A customer spotted the mannequins at Belk department store in Cary, just outside Raleigh, on Sunday after a deadly white supremacist rally was held in the neighboring state of Virginia. The angry shopper posted a photo of the mannequins on Facebook, saying a number of people refused to do anything when they spotted the outstretched arms reminiscent of the Nazi salute.Belk told ABC the store was reviewing its surveillance footage. The department store said they had spotted the customer on surveillance video who took a photo of the mannequins before going along and taking the arms down. Smells like the left Read more: Daily Mail",politics,"Aug 15, 2017",0
Factbox: Wall Street's take on possible outcome of U.S. elections,"(Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump are in a tight race ahead of the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Following is a roundup of Wall Street’s take on the likely outcome of the U.S. elections.  Analysts still expect a Clinton win, but with a lower probability after the FBI revealed it is examining newly found emails related to Clinton's use of a private server while she was secretary of state.(reut.rs/2eVjseK) Prior to this revelation, analysts were largely focused on the likelihood – albeit a small one – of a Democratic sweep of the White House, Senate and House of Representatives this election, and the implications of such a scenario on financial markets. (reut.rs/2fcIZ2O) MORE COVERAGE: bit.ly/2dOgcoE Tina Fordham, Chief Global Political Analyst, Citigroup “Our probability of a 75 pct probability of a Clinton victory remains unchanged due to our longstanding caution over the risks of Black Swans, but these developments (FBI’s latest announcement on Clinton email probe) have added a significant obstacle to the Clinton campaign, and are likely to further dent voter confidence.”  “The FBI announcement could increase the risk that if Trump loses he does not accept the result, as he has threatened. If a Clinton victory transpires and she presides over a Republican-controlled or divided Congress, the risk of continuous investigations and future impeachment risk is non-negligible.” Shawn Golhar, Head of Public Policy Research, Barclays Capital “While the FBI Director’s letter may drive reluctant GOP voters to the polls and convince some remaining undecided voters to support Donald Trump, it is unclear if this will sway the election enough for Trump, given the Democratic electoral firewall, early voting indications, and Trump’s lack of a voter turnout campaign.” “The 2016 elections continue to have two tail end risks: Donald Trump wins, or the Democrats sweep the White House and both chambers of Congress. Friday’s announcement will likely increase Trump’s chances of winning and whittle down the already slim chances of a Democratic sweep.” Alec Phillips, U.S. Political Economist, Goldman Sachs “The probability implied by online prediction markets that Sec. Clinton wins the White House has declined over the last several days, from between 80 pct and 90 pct in most markets over the last couple of weeks, to between 64 pct and 75 pct as of November 1... That said, Secretary Clinton is still seen by prediction markets to be twice as likely to win the election as Mr. Trump.”         “Polls have tightened in the U.S. presidential election... However, even after adjusting Sec. Clinton’s lead in state polls for her diminished margin nationally, she still appears likely to win more than the 270 electoral votes needed to clinch the White House.” “As a starting point, note that the reliably Democratic states that Sec. Clinton currently leads by at least mid-single digits are worth 263 electoral votes. To reach 270, she must add to this North Carolina (15 EVs, Clinton leads by around 2pp), Colorado (9 EVs, Clinton leads by 1-2pp); and/or Nevada and the 2nd Congressional District of Maine (6 EVs plus 1 EV, Clinton leads by around 1pp in both).”  “By contrast, Mr. Trump has a solid lead in states worth 186 EVs; to reach 270 he would need to add to this Arizona (11 EVs, Trump leads by around 1pp), Florida (29 EVs, Trump leads by around 1pp), Ohio (18 EVs, Trump leads by around 2pp), plus Colorado, Nevada, and North Carolina, or some other combination that scores electoral votes even deeper into Democratic territory.” “This is still a significant polling deficit for Mr. Trump to overcome in a large number of states, particularly in contrast to Sec. Clinton, who simply needs to win one of the very competitive states she currently leads (Colorado, Nevada, or North Carolina) and maintain her sizable lead in the others to win.” Stephen Gallagher, Americas Head of Research, Societe Generale “Our baseline outcome is for Secretary Clinton to win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Donald Trump’s chances are modest but still viable. The latest FBI interest in emails demonstrates that, ‘It isn’t over till it’s over.’”     “Traditionally, the losing candidate in a race concedes on the basis of incoming results, and that call is typically an early morning exercise. The challenge for 2016 is Trump’s promise to maintain the suspense. Without a concession, markets and general public may presume the outcome on the basis of results, but difficult to confirm until states certify the results.”  Thomas Block, Washington Policy Strategist, Fundstrat Global Advisors “Fundamentals continue to point to a Clinton victory with 75 percent chances of a Clinton/Kaine win, but margins are likely to be closer in key swing states. However, Trump surprised and outperformed in primaries, and with recent events impossible to capture in polling, nothing is certain.” ",politicsNews,"November 3, 2016 ",1
E.T. Williams Explains Why Millennials are in Meltdown Over Trump Win,"21st Century Wire says Donald Trump s victory has sparked flash mob protests on Wednesday, with students staging walkouts, as well as some burning and looting in Dallas and Oakland, California, and with marches in New York, Portland, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia.E.T. Williams aka The Doctor of Common Sense explains why pockets of anxious college Hillary supporters across the America are asking for classes to be canceled because Trump beat Clinton in Tuesday s presidential election. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"November 10, 2016",0
WATCH: PATRIOTS Fans BOO Players Who Disrespect Our National Anthem…Shout “Stand Up!” At Players Taking A Knee,"Pittsburgh Steelers players were absent from the sideline and remained in the locker room during the Star Spangled Banner.Alejandro Villanueva, who served three tours in Afghanistan, was the only Steelers  player to stand outside the tunnel for the anthem.The protests from each team came in the wake of Trump s critical remarks toward players who don t stand for the anthem.Last week across the entire NFL, only four players knelt or sat, and two stood with their fists raised.   Daily MailEarlier today, President Trump sent out this tweet in response to the action of the NFL players:Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag   we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017The Patriots players made their statement, and many fans did so in response.Before Sunday s Texans-Patriots matchup in Foxborough, Mass., about 20 Patriots players, according to ESPN, took a knee during the national anthem, the first time anyone on the team had joined the growing protest.In return, a loud chorus of boos was heard sandwiching the singing of  The Star-Spangled Banner.  According to the Boston Herald, there were shouts of,  Stand up,  as they knelt.Tom Brady, the face of the team and the league, did not take a knee but stood with his arms locked with other players and his hand over his chest.The Patriots have been intertwined with Trump, with Brady, coach Bill Belichick and owner Robert Kraft pals with the president. After Trump s attack on the protests, though   saying owners should cut ties with  the son of a bitch  who kneels during the anthem   Kraft said he was  deeply disappointed  in Trump.It s been a Sunday in which not just players, but owners, executives, and fans have been forced to take a side. There were similar reports of booing in Indianapolis, too.   NYPPresident Trump retweeted this awesome message from Donna Warren earlier today, reminding the NFL that if they choose to boycott our flag, we can boycott the NFL as well:You can boycott our anthem WE CAN BOYCOTT YOU! #NFL #MAGA pic.twitter.com/ryYzZnXjXE  DONNA WARREN   (@DonnaWR8) September 24, 2017",left-news,"Sep 24, 2017",0
Top Democrat says Trump firing of Mueller could provoke 'constitutional crisis',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, responding to escalating Republican attacks on Special Counsel Robert Mueller, said on Wednesday that if President Donald Trump fires Mueller, it “has the potential to provoke a constitutional crisis.” Speaking on the Senate floor, Senator Mark Warner denounced attacks on Mueller’s impartiality and said the special counsel’s investigation of ties between Trump’s presidential campaign and Russia must be “able to go on unimpeded.” Russia denies meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and Trump has denied any collusion. While Trump’s political allies have increased their criticism of Mueller, the president said on Sunday he was not considering firing him. Republican lawmakers have seized on anti-Trump texts by a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent who was involved in the Russia investigation as evidence of bias in Mueller’s team. Mueller removed the agent from his team after the texts came to light. Republicans on several House of Representatives committees have also announced their own probes into long-standing political grievances, including the FBI’s handling of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server when she was secretary of state. Clinton, a Democrat, was Trump’s opponent in last year’s election. “Over the last several weeks, a growing chorus of irresponsible voices have called for President Trump to shut down Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation,” said Warner, adding that the attacks were “seemingly coordinated.” “Firing Mr. Mueller or any other of the top brass involved in this investigation would not only call into question this administration’s commitment to the truth, but also to our most basic concept of rule of law,” Warner said. “It also has the potential to provoke a constitutional crisis.” Warner called for Congress to make clear to the president that firing Mueller would have “immediate and significant consequences.” House Democrats had circulated rumors last week that Trump would fire Mueller this Friday, just before the Christmas holiday. Trump’s White House lawyer, Ty Cobb, said in a statement on Wednesday that the administration “willingly affirms yet again, as it has every day this week, there is no consideration being given to the termination of the special counsel.” “If the media is going to continue to ask for responses to every absurd and baseless rumor, attention-seeking partisans will continue to spread them,” Cobb added. ",politicsNews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
 Sally Yates Just Opened A Can Of Constitutional Whoop Ass On Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"During testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday, former acting Attorney General Sally Yates revealed that she warned Trump administration officials three times about former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The hearing today involved Russia s meddling in the 2016 election so of course, Ted Cruz grilled Yates about her thoughts on Trump s attempt to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. That, of course, makes no sense but Cruz was trying to defend the man who previously insulted his wife s looks during the campaign.Yates was fired as acting AG after refusing to defend Trump s executive order, which she said violated the U.S. Constitution s religious protections.Cruz told Yates that the Office of Legal Counsel had issued a determination that the executive order was legal, but Yates countered that finding by saying it ignored the First Amendment in favor of an obscure statute which had since been updated. In this particular instance, particularly where we were talking about a fundamental issue of religious freedom, not the interpretation of some arcane statute, but religion freedom, it was appropriate for us to look at the intent behind the president s actions and the intent is laid out in his statements,  Yates said.Yates said she did not believe Trump s executive order was  lawful  and used  religious freedom  to defend herself from Cruz s attack on her.When Cruz quoted part of the Constitution, Yates came back at him with a statute which she said  Trumps the first one you described. In the over 200 years of the Department of Justice history, are you aware of any instance in which the Department of Justice has formally approved the legality of a policy and three days later the attorney general has directed the department not to follow that policy and to defy that policy?  Cruz asked. I m not, but I m also not aware of a situation where the Office of Legal Counsel was advised not to tell the attorney general about it until after it was over,  Yates replied.Watch:Rep. John Cornyn, too, brought up the Executive Order to Yates and that didn t go down well either. Yates brought up  intent  again in regards to Trump s Muslim ban. In fact, just this morning after White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked by ABC s Cecilia Varga about the alleged president s website literally having the words  preventing Muslim immigration  written on it, it was scrubbed.So now we re back to the  intent  behind Trump s executive order again.One does not simply delete something from the Internet, though.Moments after Spicer was asked about this Trump campaign page calling for a Muslim ban, it went blank. But Wayback Machine still has it pic.twitter.com/OAQnVNwpdi  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) May 8, 2017The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals is hearing oral arguments Monday for Trump s revised Muslim travel ban, which called for a 120-day halt on all refugee resettlement and a 90-day pause on immigrants from six Muslim-majority countries entering the U.S. The previous order sought to halt immigrants from entering the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries.We need a clean up on aisle three. Sally Yates just wiped the floor with Ted Cruz.Image via screen capture",News,"May 8, 2017",0
"Factbox: Trump's policies on immigration, economy, other issues","(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump wants to build a wall on the border with Mexico, boost spending on the military and slap trade tariffs on China. Here are those positions and others the New York businessman, who has never held elective office, has put forward to convince the American people that he should be the next U.S. chief executive. (For a Factbox on Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton’s proposals, please see) Trump has proposed collapsing the current seven income tax brackets to three with rates of 12 percent, 25 percent and 33 percent. The current top rate is 39.6 percent. He also would eliminate the estate tax, and slash the corporate rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. Trump has proposed increasing spending on the U.S. military and infrastructure but says he would reduce spending on other categories by 1 percent each year. However, the Social Security and Medicare programs for the elderly would be exempt from cuts. His plan would allow families to deduct childcare costs from income taxes and offer further support through an existing tax credit for lower-income people. He would also provide six weeks of paid maternity leave for new mothers through temporary unemployment insurance. He has proposed paying for it by cracking down on fraud in the unemployment insurance program and through other changes to the system. Some economists questioned whether Trump’s ideas for reducing spending would be enough to make up for major tax cuts, particularly since many Republicans believe Medicare and Social Security must be revamped to control government outlays. Trump launched his presidential campaign with his vow to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border and has said he would insist that the United States’ southern neighbor pay for it. He has promised to triple the number of immigration enforcement officers, hire more Border Patrol agents and boost penalties for overstaying visas. Trump has said he would prioritize the deportation of people in the United States illegally who have committed crimes and of those who have arrived recently or overstayed visas. He would require people seeking legal status to leave and reapply. Trump said that after his immigration goals are achieved, he would determine what to do about people still in the country illegally. Trump has proposed ideological screening, or “extreme vetting,” of people coming to the United States to determine whether they share American values. He has proposed a ban on immigration from countries where vetting would be difficult. Initially, he proposed a temporary ban on all Muslims from entering the United States. Critics, including some of Trump’s defeated rivals for the Republican presidential nomination, said that policy would be discriminatory and likely violate the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of freedom of religion. Others have since said his “extreme vetting” idea might not be feasible. Trump has promised a “dismantling” of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law enacted following the financial crisis, but has given few details. The Republican Party’s platform calls for reinstating Glass-Steagall, the 1930s-era law that forced the separation of investment banks from deposit-taking institutions. Trump’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, said in July that his campaign backed this change. Republican lawmakers have so far been unable to undo many of their most-despised pieces of the Dodd-Frank law, and many in their ranks oppose a return to Glass-Steagall. Trump has offered few details about his plans to fight Islamic State but has said he would “knock the hell out of” the militant group. He says he is keeping the details of strategy a secret so as not to disclose them to the enemy. Trump has said if he wins, he would give U.S. generals 30 days after he takes office on Jan. 20, 2017 to propose their own plans. Trump has said he opposes accepting refugees fleeing violence in Syria, and instead has said he would create “safe zones” there, which he says would be funded by Gulf states. President Barack Obama has said a safe zone in Syria would require a large U.S. military commitment, something that could prove to be unpopular with Americans weary of lengthy wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Trump has said he would have a “very, very good” relationship with Russia. He has said he believed Russian President Vladimir Putin was a better leader than Obama. Trump has said could work with Russia to combat Islamic State. He also said he would look into recognizing Crimea, seized from Ukraine in 2014, as Russian territory and lifting sanctions on Russia imposed by Western nations for what they called an illegal land grab. Trump has criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, saying some U.S. allies have not met their defense commitments. In July, he said if Russia attacked a NATO member, he would consider whether the country has paid up before providing defense.   NATO leaders say the sanctions against Russia are key to persuading it to change that country’s behavior in Ukraine, where it has backed ethnic Russian separatists, and that the alliance has long been focused on fighting international terrorism. Trump has made criticism of China’s trade practices a central campaign theme. He has vowed to formally label China a currency manipulator, impose tariffs on Chinese imports and bring unfair trade cases as punishment for what he believes are improper subsidies. Trump has called for a stronger U.S. military presence in the South China Sea. He has said he would pull the United States out of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. Though the trade agreement does not include China, Trump has said he is concerned it could try to enter it through the “back door.” TPP supporters, including Obama, have said China hoped to reach its own deal that would make it the leader in Asian trade. They have said the pact would enable the United States to take a leadership role in the region instead of China. ",politicsNews,"October 6, 2016 ",1
White House says denuclearization remains priority for Korean Peninsula,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump continues to see the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula as the priority in how it responds to North Korea s latest nuclear weapons test, the White House said on Tuesday.  We re going to continue to push for a safer and denuclearized Korean Peninsula, and that s the priority here,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. Sanders said  all options are on the table  to deal with North Korea, including diplomatic and economic measures, but said that talks with Pyongyang were not the current focus for the White House. ",worldnews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
A discontented Michigan town: America should have seen Trump coming,"ALGONAC, Mich. (Reuters) - Back in April, there were already early signs in this quiet Michigan town of the rural American discontent that helped propel Donald Trump to election victory, even if it was underestimated by the Washington establishment, pollsters and Hillary Clinton’s campaign. On a return visit after Tuesday’s election, Reuters found that many of Algonac’s 4,000 residents were jubilant that Trump had captured the White House, although there were also echoes of what some people said seven months ago: that he is an uncertain, high-stakes gamble. But the bare fact of his success drew only shrugs: Who else did city folks really expect would win? Reuters first visited this town on a bend of the St. Clair River in April after results from the Republican and Democratic parties' primary elections suggested it might be a hotbed of the  dissatisfaction with the status quo that would become a dominant force by November. (reut.rs/2fAVJQY) It was a town in a county in a state that all disproportionately turned out in the primaries for the unexpected outsider candidates: the Republican Trump, a rich real-estate developer and television star who had never held political office; and democratic socialist Bernie Sanders, a  U.S. senator from Vermont who had emerged as Clinton’s closest rival for the Democratic Party nomination. Trump went on to win his party’s nomination, while Sanders was beaten by Clinton.  Even though they came at the problem from very different perspectives, both men had fired up a town that was in a sour mood, striking a chord with their talk of a rigged economic system and their loud disgust at the decline of American manufacturing. Algonac leans Republican, and, on both visits, it took no time at all to find Trump fans, and only a little longer to find Sanders fans. But it took days of asking around to find someone with a warm word for Clinton. On Tuesday, the vote in Algonac was 68 percent for Trump, 27 percent for Clinton. Residents of Algonac can easily list the relatives and neighbors who have struggled with the painful decline of manufacturing or who were forced to move after auto factories with well paid union jobs an hour away in the Detroit area shut down or moved abroad. Older residents recall decades back when Algonac was still a proud self-sufficient manufacturing hub, employing scores of locals at the Chris-Craft factory, which turned out photogenic wooden boats that remain prized by wealthy collectors.  Pete Beauregard has turned the factory into a harbor club where the town’s summer visitors stow their boats.  “The rural area is going to want to be heard,” he said, delighting in Trump’s victory. Up the road, Jay DeBoyer was in a dive bar he had worked in as a younger man, drinking an afternoon glass of water and dressed in a suit he had worn to deliver St. Clair County’s final elections results to the courthouse in his role as county clerk. “The center of the country is what put Donald Trump in office,” he said.  “If the economy’s okay, they shut their mouths and go to work,” he said, describing the sort of people who live in places like Algonac, where 97 percent of residents are white.  “But if you start to smack them, when you start telling the guys working in a coal mine in West Virginia, ‘For the good of the country, we’re going to put you out of a job, for the good of cleaner air we’re going to put you out of a job,’ then you start to create a constituency of people that fall into a category of ‘the enemy of my enemy is my friend.’” Mentioning Clinton, a former secretary of state, U.S. senator and first lady, tended to draw scorn among Algonac residents in April, even among some Democrats who said they viewed her as untrustworthy. Her election loss and emotional concession speech this week appeared not to soften this, with some expressing their ill-feeling in crude terms. “Trump That Bitch,” reads a tall wooden sign alongside the main road into town, evoking a familiar anti-Clinton slogan among Trump fans. Seeing it being photographed, Paul Paulus, 73, wandered out from the building where he was regreasing old tractors to boast he had built it entirely himself.  Some of his neighbors, particularly women, had told Reuters on both visits that, even if they disliked Clinton, they despaired at the insults and coarse language that Trump and his fans had reveled in. Paulus described his victory over such qualms. “They had tried to get the township to take it down,” he said, smiling at the memory of the fight as he looked up at his sign. “But the township said it’s not coming down as ‘bitch’ is not a bad word. It’s a female dog.” Jan Evans, a devout 64-year-old Christian who runs a store making slogan t-shirts for the local schools’ sports teams, said she thought there were better ways to talk about people. But she sympathized with the sort of anxiety that moved people to support Trump. She recently learned that her monthly health insurance premiums under Obamacare, a healthcare law that Trump has said he will repeal and replace, would go from $120 to $357. But she worried that Trump’s victory would not help, either; she did not know what his healthcare plans were as he has not given details. She said that when she voted, she filled out down-ballot lines for local and state elections and left the presidential vote until the end to give her more time to think.  “Neither one really deserved it,” she said of Clinton and Trump. Her pen hovered for quite a while, but she declined to say where on the ballot it landed. “Everybody, they’re a little bit frightened, they’re hopeful, they know we need change,” she said of Trump’s victory. “But this is the change?” ",politicsNews,"November 11, 2016 ",1
Taxpayer Funded Left-Wing Church Organization Will BREAK LAW To Hide ILLEGAL ALIENS (2016 Democrat Voters) From Authorities,"This isn t just any church organization, this is a  church organization  that takes in $45 MILLION in taxpayer funds every year! Why do we give them so much money? Because they re bringing MOSTLY MUSLIM refugees into our country where they ll get housing, food, clothing, education and spending money with MORE of  OUR tax dollars. They ll also be fast-tracked to citizenship. What s the end goal? The fundamental transformation of America Ohio  peace and justice  groups getting ready to break the law and hide aliens from Obama illegal alien raids, click here.The recent Obama Administration order to round up illegal aliens (a tiny number!) and deport them is simply a ploy to fire up the No Borders movement, the Democrat base, in this all important election year.Church World Service will be hiding illegal aliens!Here is a story about the hard Left Church World Service, a federal refugee resettlement contractor, which uses $45 million of your dollars every year to change America by changing the people, is setting up hiding places throughout America where illegal aliens can be placed out of the reach of federal ICE agents.There should be a law, if you break federal immigration law, you lose your federal funding (come on wimps in Congress!).They want to resurrect the glory days (as they saw them) where churches broke the law and helped Central Americans get into America and then hid them until they could be spread out to towns across the US. It was called The Sanctuary Movement.***It is so apparent that this deportation order is part of a Democrat strategy, most likely cooked up in the White House, because (have you noticed!) no one blasts Obama personally (as they would if this were George Bush or Donald Trump).Religious groups and activists vowed Wednesday to offer refuge to illegal immigrants who are the targets of ongoing federal raids meant to combat a new wave of border-crossing from Central America.The announcement recalled the sanctuary movement of the 1980s that provided safe haven to several thousand people fleeing civil wars in El Salvador and Guatemala, with churches in Los Angeles, Chicago and other cities sometimes filled with people seeking asylum in the United States.At the start of the year, the Obama administration launched a large-scale effort targeting those who have already been ordered to leave the country. About 120 adults and children have been apprehended in raids in several states.Central American illegal aliens are NOT refugees. They do not fit the long-understood definition that a refugee or asylum seeker must prove they would be persecuted if they returned to their home country.Escaping poverty or run-of-the-mill crime is not persecution, but these NO Borders activists have been for years attempting to blur the definition. And, that is mostly because when someone is defined as a refugee all welfare goodies flow their way and they can then bring in the family they left behind. (Of course the WaPo isn t going to explain any of that to its readers!).The effort, which is expected to include several hundred more apprehensions, has drawn sharp criticism from those who advocate for undocumented immigrants. They argue that Central Americans who are entering the country illegally should be offered the same protections extended to Syrian refugees.Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchHere is the list of churches affiliated with the radical Church World Services group:Member CommunionsAfrican Methodist Episcopal Church African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Alliance of Baptists American Baptist Churches USA Armenian Church of America (including Diocese of California) Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Church of the Brethren Community of Christ The Coptic Orthodox Church in North America Ecumenical Catholic Communion The Episcopal Church Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Friends United Meeting Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Hungarian Reformed Church in America International Council of Community Churches Korean Presbyterian Church in America Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Mar Thoma Church Moravian Church in America National Baptist Convention of America National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. National Missionary Baptist Convention of America Orthodox Church in America Patriarchal Parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends Polish National Catholic Church of America Presbyterian Church (USA) Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. Reformed Church in America Serbian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. and Canada The Swedenborgian Church Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America United Church of Christ The United Methodist Church",left-news,"Jan 10, 2016",0
Thousands of Romanians protest against proposed judicial reforms,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Thousands of Romanians rallied in the capital Bucharest and other cities on Sunday, protesting against plans by the ruling Social Democrats (PSD) to overhaul the country s judicial system which is seen as undermining efforts to combat corruption.  The PSD-led coalition, which holds a strong majority in parliament, is debating proposed new legislation which the European Commission and thousands of magistrates have said would put the judicial system under political control. Sunday s protests mark three weeks since a special parliamentary commission began debates on the bill, which the ruling party aims to approve by the end of this year. The commission is headed by PSD veteran, former justice minister Florin Iordache who had to quit in February after a decree on corruption that he drafted, triggered the biggest rallies since the 1989 anti-communist Romanian revolution.  Thieves and mobsters  nest, ,  United we save Romania,   shouted thousands of protesters braving gusting winds, in front of the government s headquarters.    About 10,000 are estimated to have rallied in Bucharest and overall, 20,000 across the country overall. Bucharest s Victory Square witnessed large street protests at the start of the year following attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to decriminalize some graft offences and has been a gathering place for largely peaceful protests ever since. Contested elements of the bill include changes to a judicial inspection unit which oversees the conduct of magistrates, the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed and giving the president the right to vet prosecutor candidates. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels keeps Romania s justice system under special monitoring. In a Nov. 15 report the European Commission said reform of the justice system has halted this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern. ",worldnews,"December 10, 2017 ",1
Teenager appears in UK court charged with London bomb attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - An 18-year-old man who came to Britain after his parents were killed in Iraq appeared in a London court on Friday charged with attempted murder in last week s bomb attack on a packed commuter train in the British capital. Ahmed Hassan is accused of carrying out the attack at Parsons Green station in London on Friday which injured 30 people. Wearing a gray sweatshirt and with shoulder-length curly dark hair, he spoke only to confirm his name and address at London s Westminster Magistrates  Court. Hassan, from Sunbury-on-Thames, a town to the southwest of London, is charged with attempting to murder passengers on board a train heading to central London from the southwest suburb of Wimbledon. He is also accused of causing an explosion likely to endanger life using the highly volatile triacetone triperoxide (TATP) - known as  the mother of Satan  - or another explosive substance. Prosecutor Lee Ingham told the court Hassan had expressed hatred for Britain and his  warped view  had motivated him to carry out the attack. There was no application for bail and the case was adjourned until Oct. 13. The home-made bomb engulfed a carriage in flames, but apparently failed to fully explode. It was Britain s fifth major militant attack so far this year. Police are continuing to question two other men, aged 25 and 30. A 17-year-old, who was detained on Thursday, was released on Friday and will face no further action. Two other men, arrested as part of the inquiry, were also released from custody on Thursday. ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
Former VP Gore reminds Clinton supporters of 2000 vote recount,"MIAMI, Fla. (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton recruited Al Gore, the former vice president in her husband’s administration, to raise the specter of Gore’s loss to former President George W. Bush in the contentious 2000 U.S. election to urge voters to go to the polls next month. “Take it from me,” Gore told a crowd of several hundred Clinton supporters at a campaign event in a college gymnasium. “Every single vote counts. Every single vote counts.” As he campaigned for Clinton at Miami Dade College ahead of the Nov. 8 election that pits her against Republican nominee Donald Trump, Gore reminded voters of the Florida recount saga 16 years ago. Bush was declared the winner in the state by a mere 537 votes after the intervention of the U.S. Supreme Court. “Your vote really, really, really counts,” Gore said. “You can consider me as an exhibit A of that. For those of you who are younger than 25 you might not remember the election of 2000 and what happened here in Florida. For those of you older than 25, I heard you murmuring just now, but take it from me it was a very close election.” A chant grew out of the crowd: “You won! You won!” Gore, who served as vice president under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 2001, also sought to put a spotlight on the fight against climate change, which has long been his signature issue. “When it comes to the most urgent issue facing our country and the world the choice in this election is extremely clear: Hillary Clinton will make solving the climate crisis a top national priority,” Gore said. “Her opponent, based on the ideas he has presented, would take us toward a climate catastrophe.” Clinton highlighted comments from her rival Donald Trump expressing skepticism about climate change. In 2012, he said on his Twitter account that the “concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese” in order to benefit its manufacturing sector.  “We cannot put a climate denier in the White House, at all,” she said. “We need a president who believes in science.” ",politicsNews,"October 12, 2016 ",1
WILL GENERAL “MAD DOG” MATTIS Be Part Of Trump’s Team? Praise For “Superb Officer” From All Corners [Video], ,politics,"Nov 25, 2016",0
Trump's Interior Dept. pick wins Senate confirmation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Wednesday confirmed President Donald Trump’s pick to head the Interior Department as the White House seeks to increase fossil fuel production on federal lands. Ryan Zinke, a U.S. Representative from coal-producing Montana, won confirmation by a vote of 68 to 31, with several Democrats joining Republicans, who lead the chamber. The former Navy SEAL commander is an avid hunter and angler who is popular with many outdoor enthusiasts, including Trump’s son Donald Jr.  Many environmentalists, however, are concerned about Zinke’s zeal for exploiting coal and other fossil fuels. As a one-term Congressman, Zinke worked to boost mining, including supporting an effort to end a coal leasing moratorium on federal lands. Forty percent of U.S. output comes from federal lands that are  mostly in Wyoming and Montana. In his confirmation hearing in January Zinke said he would consider an expansion of energy drilling and mining on federal lands but would ensure that sensitive areas were protected.  Democrats who voted against Zinke, including Senators Maria Cantwell and Chuck Schumer, questioned his support of fossil fuel development on federal lands. “Congressman Zinke says he’s a dyed in the wool conservationist, but doesn’t have the record to back it up,” said Schumer, the Senate’s top Democrat. “That should concern every outdoor enthusiast, every lover of our great and grand national parks.” Zinke will head an agency that employs more than 70,000 people across the country and oversees more than 20 percent of federal land, including national parks such as Yellowstone and Yosemite. Fellow Republican Senator Steve Daines, also from Montana, said Zinke “knows we must strike a balance between conservation and responsible energy development.” The White House is expected to issue an executive order soon reversing former President Barack Obama’s temporary moratorium on coal leasing on U.S. lands, which is part of a wider review of the program. The Senate is also expected to easily confirm Trump’s pick to head the Department of Energy, Rick Perry, a former governor of Texas, this week. ",politicsNews,"March 1, 2017 ",1
"In shakeup, Trump to set up 'war room' to repel attacks over Russia probe","BRUSSELS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Once U.S. President Donald Trump returns from his overseas trip, the White House plans to launch its most aggressive effort yet to push back against allegations involving Russia and his presidential campaign, tackling head-on a scandal that has threatened to consume his young presidency. Trump’s advisers are planning to establish a “war room” to combat mounting questions about communication between Russia and his presidential campaign before and after November’s presidential election, while bringing new aides into the White House, administration officials and persons close to Trump told Reuters. The strategic shake-up comes as Republicans in Washington increasingly have fretted that the probe, continued chaos in the West Wing and Trump’s steady slide in opinion polls will derail the president’s drive to reform healthcare, cut taxes and rebuild the nation’s infrastructure. Upon Trump’s return, the administration will add experienced political professionals, including Trump’s former campaign manager, and possibly more lawyers to handle the Russia probe, which has gained new urgency since the Justice Department appointed a special counsel to head the investigation, the sources said. Beyond pushing back at suggestions that Moscow is unduly influencing Trump’s administration, the messaging effort will also focus on advancing Trump’s stalled policy agenda and likely involve more trips out of Washington that will feature the kind of raucous rallies that were the hallmark of Trump’s campaign. A person in regular touch with the White House said it needed a different structure to focus on the “new reality” that there would be continued leaks to the media from the law enforcement and intelligence communities, leaks that have increased in frequency since Trump fired former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey on May 9. “Since the firing of Comey, that really exposed the fact that the White House in its current structure ... is not prepared for really a one-front war, let alone a two-front war,” the person said. “They need to have a structure in place that allows them to stay focused” while “also truly fighting back on these attacks and these leaks.” The White House declined to comment on plans for a “war room” but said Trump will be looking to expand on momentum it believes it has built up during the president’s trip to Saudi Arabia, Israel, and Europe. A White House official confirmed plans to hold more rallies. Trump returns to Washington on Saturday from his first trip abroad as president. “The president has had an incredibly successful trip overseas and the White House looks forward to continuing an aggressive messaging strategy to highlight his agenda when we return to D.C.,” said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to Trump, will be involved in the new strategic messaging operation, as will Steve Bannon, another top adviser who specializes in managing Trump’s populist appeal and shaping his political image, the sources said. Bannon and Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, have been laying the groundwork for the plan this week, they added. On Thursday, NBC News and the Washington Post reported that Kushner, who held several meetings with Russian officials following the election, is a focus of the probe, making him the first current White House official to be caught up in it, although Kushner, who is Trump’s son-in-law, has not been accused of any wrongdoing. Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s former campaign manager, is also expected to be part of the effort. Lewandowski, who has been seen in the White House recently, could join the administration as early as next week, a source close to him said. Lewandowski was fired by Trump in June 2016 over concerns that he was not experienced enough to oversee the general election fight against Democrat Hillary Clinton, but has remained a trusted adviser to Trump and a steadfast defender of the president on news programs. This month, the Justice Department named Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, as an independent special counsel in the probe. Trump has been frustrated of late that his communications team hasn’t done a more effective job at making the case that he isn’t implicated in the Russia probe and highlighting his administration’s successes, sources close to the president said. The White House declined to comment on the president’s frustrations. Another Republican close to the White House said the new team is taking a page out of former President Bill Clinton’s playbook. When Clinton faced impeachment in the late 1990s, he assembled a crisis-management operation that dealt with fallout from his affair with Monica Lewinsky while allowing the rest of the White House to deal with day-to-day policy matters.  “The goal of the White House is to try and contain the crisis and media coverage of the special counsel,” the Republican said. Christopher Ruddy, chief executive of Newsmax Media and a Trump friend, said he expects the president will travel more when he returns from overseas and encouraged the White House to focus on issues that pump up his base voters. “From my perspective, I think the president should be doing the stuff that he does best, which is talking about his agenda: jobs, trade and security,” Ruddy said.  Trump has scheduled a political rally for next week in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. The White House said other similar events are in the planning stages. Republicans in Congress are aching for Trump to leave the distraction of the Russia probe aside and focus on legislation and nominating officials to fill the hundreds of vacant slots across the administration.  “What we really want to be able to do is tend to our business,” Mike Rounds, a Republican Senator from South Dakota, told Reuters. “We’ve got a healthcare bill we’re working on. We’ve got tax reform that we think is important.” Some of Trump’s donors, too, say they are concerned. Stanley Hubbard, a billionaire radio mogul from Minnesota, said he worries that the White House continues to be distracted by the Russia scandal, but laid some of the blame on Trump himself.  “He talks when he shouldn’t,” he said. Former U.S. House Speaker John Boehner said this week that Trump’s time in office has been a “complete disaster” aside from foreign affairs. Boehner, a fellow Republican, told an energy conference he supported efforts to “get to the bottom” of any potential interactions between Trump associates and the Russian government but described any calls to impeach Trump as the purview of “the crazy left-wing Democratic colleagues of mine.” ",politicsNews,"May 26, 2017 ",1
Obama trip to Cuba not affected by cancellation of tentative Kerry visit: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s visit to Cuba later this month will not be affected by the cancellation of tentative plans for Secretary of State John Kerry to visit the island nation for human rights talks beforehand, the White House said on Friday. The top U.S. diplomat told a congressional hearing on Feb. 23 that he might be in Cuba for a dialogue on human rights before the president’s scheduled trip March 21-22. But officials said on Thursday that Kerry’s visit had been canceled amid concerns over Cuba’s human rights record. The White House said on Friday that Kerry’s decision would not affect Obama’s visit, and that Kerry would travel to Cuba with the president. ",politicsNews,"March 4, 2016 ",1
New Trump immigration order will remove Iraq from list of banned countries: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s new immigration order will remove Iraq from the list of countries whose citizens face a temporary U.S. travel ban, the Associated Press reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed U.S. officials. Four officials say the decision follows pressure from the Pentagon and State Department, the AP reported. They had urged the White House to reconsider Iraq’s inclusion given its key role in fighting the Islamic State group, it added. Trump is expected to sign the new order on Wednesday. An earlier order was blocked by federal courts. ",politicsNews,"March 1, 2017 ",1
Obama's brother plans to vote for Trump," NAIROBI (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s half-brother, Malik Obama, says he will vote for Republican nominee Donald Trump in the U.S. election in November because he likes the candidate and he is unhappy with his brother’s leadership.  Malik, who is in his 50s, told Reuters by phone from Obama’s ancestral home of Kogelo in western Kenya that he supports Trump’s policies, especially his focus on security.  “He appeals to me and also I think that he is down to earth and he speaks from the heart and he is not trying to be politically correct. He’s just straight-forward,” he said.  MORE ELECTION COVERAGE* Divisions plague Democrats as they open convention to anoint Clinton* Wider Image: Women workers on the Clinton campaign * Kaine makes campaign-trail debut Malik, a U.S. citizen, has lived in Washington since 1985 where he worked with various firms before becoming an independent financial consultant.  Trump’s stance against Muslims coming in to the United States was understandable even to Muslims like himself, Malik said.  “I’m a Muslim, of course, but you can’t have people going around just shooting people and killing people just in the name of Islam,” he said.  He criticized President Obama’s record in the White House saying he had not done much for the American people and his extended family despite the high expectations that accompanied his election in 2008, both in the United States and Kenya.  The two men appear to have drifted apart but were previously close. Malik has visited the president in the Oval office and was also best man at Barack’s wedding.  Obama’s election created much excitement in Kenya especially in Kogelo village where their father was born before going to study at the University of Hawaii.  Obama visited Nairobi, in the first ever trip by a sitting U.S. president to the East African nation last July, and promised to visit more often when he leaves office.  Malik defended his right to criticize his brother, citing freedom of expression.  “To each his own. I speak my mind and I’m not going to be put in a box just because my brother is the President of the United States,” Malik said.  ",politicsNews,"July 25, 2016 ",1
WHOA! Mainstream Media Has Officially DECLARED WAR On Crooked Hillary: “Far and away the most devastating 10 minutes on Hillary Clinton you will EVER see” [VIDEO],"Even the most militant supporters of Crooked Hillary are (reluctantly) exposing the truth about her. Fake black guy,  journalist  and Black Lives Matter terror group activist, Shaun King tweeted a scathing video exposing Hillary and the lies she can t escape Leftist Chuck Todd begrudgingly admits,  Because of this breach, for instance, I don t think she could be confirmed for instance, as Attorney General. The best part of the video is when Mika asks looney leftist Andrea Mitchell, who has been carrying the Clinton s water for decades,  I really, don t want to be the one delivering this, but, I gotta tell ya it s really hard to believe. It feels like she s lying straight up. Andrea Mitchell is she [Hillary] lying?  Andrea panics then responds, I can t say that uh I would let the viewer, I would let the voter uh make those determinations. The libs are in panic mode, as they should be. Hillary cannot lie her way out of this and these leftist  journalists  are running out of options to cover for her.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/736067250105372673And finally Chuck Todd has this to say about Crooked Hillary and her crooked husband,  Like so many of these Clinton scandals, it s impossible to imagine that this wasn t going to surface. ",politics,"May 30, 2016",0
U.N. chief says no alternative to two state solution in Middle East,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Wednesday that there was no alternative to a two-state solution between Israel and the Palestinians and that Jerusalem was a final-status issue that should be resolved through direct talks.  I have consistently spoken out against any unilateral measures that would jeopardize the prospect of peace for Israelis and Palestinians,  Guterres said after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  In this moment of great anxiety, I want to make it clear: There is no alternative to the two-state solution. There is no Plan B,  he told reporters.  I will do everything in my power to support the Israeli and Palestinian leaders to return to meaningful negotiations.  ",worldnews,"December 6, 2017 ",1
Kurds say reject Iraqi warning to withdraw from key junction south of Kirkuk,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish Peshmerga fighters rejected a warning from an Iraqi  paramilitary force to withdraw from a strategic junction south of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, a Kurdish security official told Reuters on Sunday. Popular Mobilisation, formed mainly by Iranian-trained Shi ite groups, gave the Peshmerga until midnight local time (2100 GMT Saturday) to leave a position north of the Maktab Khalid junction, the official from the Kurdistan Regional Government s (KRG) Security Council said.  The position controls the access to an airbase and some of the oilfields located in the region of Kirkuk, the official said. The city and its immediate surroundings, including the oilfields, are under Kurdish control. There were no clashes reported about an hour after the deadline, but a resident said dozens of young Kurds deployed around Kirkuk with machine guns as the news of the warning spread. The KRG and the Shi ite-led central government in Baghdad are at loggerheads since a Kurdish independence referendum held last month in northern Iraq. Kurdish authorities said on Friday they had sent thousands more troops to Kirkuk to confront Iraqi  threats.   Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has repeatedly denied any plans to attack the Kurds. Popular Mobilisation is a separate force from the regular army and officially reports to Abadi. It is deployed alongside the army south and west of Kirkuk. Kirkuk, a city of more than one million people, lies just outside KRG territory but Peshmerga forces deployed there in 2014 when Iraqi security forces collapsed in the face of an Islamic State onslaught. The Peshmerga deployment prevented Kirkuk s oilfields from falling into jihadist hands. The Baghdad central government has taken a series of steps to isolate the autonomous Kurdish region since its overwhelming vote for independence in the referendum, including banning international flights from going there. ",worldnews,"October 14, 2017 ",1
 Wow: Did The Palins Lie About When Bristol’s Baby Was Born To Cover Up The Truth? (IMAGES),"Conspiracy theories aren t something I take seriously very often. The type of people who engage in conspiracy theories spend their time on Alex Jones  site talking about false flags and how mass shootings are a hoax. Fourteen years later, and they just can t admit that steel does in fact bend and melt and buildings fall down when you crash big planes into them.To be grouped with the crazies is inconceivable, but every so often something comes along that seems far-fetched   until you look closely. This particular theory is brought to you by the Blogspot Right Wing Crooks, who seem to have figured out how and why Bristol Palin s baby was born in November and not December like she claims.The entire story goes into great detail about individual Instagram, Facebook and Twitter posts, friends of the family and the supposed father and former fiance brought in to make it all neat and clean. In a nutshell, the theory is that Bristol Palin was impregnated in or around the time she was in Las Vegas last year complaining about  the night that ruined her life  a month before a Medal of Honor winner mysteriously appears to sweep her off her feet, propose and become an immediate fixture in all aspects of her public, private and online life.The timeline begins on Palin s Instagram on Valentines Day.  A selfie of her and an Alaskan prostitute adult industry worker dressed to impress for a night on the town appears with the caption  The night before the worst mistake of my life.  The picture is still there, but the caption, as reported by Right Wing Crooks, has been changed to #Vegas.If that was the night Bristol Palin was impregnated, a typical gestation period would bring her into early to mid-November for a due date. The fist picture of Bristol with her new daughter, Sailor, appeared on Christmas Eve:The Palins are notorious attention seekers. Up to this point, there was no mention of babies or deliveries or hospitals. All of a sudden, bam. There s Bristol, looking content with her daughter.Sarah hadn t posted at all either, but when she did there was a bit of a problem. When you post to Facebook your location is logged. Sarah Palin was somehow holding and loving on her brand new granddaughter in a Hospital in Parker, Alaska but posting to Facebook from New Orleans. Here is the actual post:https://www.facebook.com/sarahpalin/posts/10153836923483588Things got really fishy when a picture of Bristol and her little girl showed a piece of tape with an IV date on it. After enhancing, both Right Wing Crooks and Winning Democrats are convinced that the date most likely reads 11/4/15. November 4th, which by the Vegas pregnancy theory puts Sailor at exactly where she s supposed to be gestation-wise.Here are the pictures with enhancements:Right Wing CrooksThe theory is simple. To keep Bristol from looking like she got knocked up during a one night stand, a plan was formulated to move the birth. Bristol took pictures along the way, posting them a month or two in advance. If yopu check out her Instagram account, you ll see that at 32 weeks (according to her) pregnant she looked pretty along:32 weeks with my babe girl ?   A photo posted by Bristol Palin (@bsmp2) on Oct 29, 2015 at 10:36pm PDTThat from October 29th to this on Thanksgiving, an entire month later? And what s with the Christmas tree? It s almost like the whole thing is just staged:Happy Thanksgiving ? .. thankful for my babies  A photo posted by Bristol Palin (@bsmp2) on Nov 26, 2015 at 12:03pm PSTHow far-fetched is it really? You would simply have to consider what Sarah and the Palins would do to keep Bristol safe from the career (doing whatever it is she does) ending publicity of a one-night stand Vegas baby. Already her position as an abstinence counselor makes absolutely no sense, so that s kind of a wash, but with the Duggaresque hypocrisy of Bristol being a faith blogger on Patheos and possibly a future  where are they now  Dancing With The Stars special guest, the concept of changing a couple of months for a clean(er) slate may have been just that appealing.Did she fake the birth of her daughter nearly two months after it happened? According to Right Wing Crooks there are a slew of other tidbits that add to their theory:That is all admittedly very compelling stuff. It is also very circumstantial. If it turns out to be true it will go down as a not-so-well-planned scandal from America s first family of fools. If it s not true, well shame on the Palins for having an existence that makes it seem plausible.Featured image via Instagram",News,"January 4, 2016",0
 Fmr. Mexican President: Trump Is Not Welcome In Our Country (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has decided to make his way down to Mexico on Wednesday for a meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto. For obvious reasons, this is a visit that is not being well received by the Mexican people. Trump s long history of insulting Mexico, its people, and Mexican immigrants in America has their community incensed at his nerve to show his face in Mexico City. Therefore, former Mexican President Vicente Fox has decided to weigh in on the situation.Appearing on CNN, Fox said: I m sure he s going to be rejected by everybody here in Mexico. We cannot accept this going on. And yes, it could be a desperate move.   To me, it is a desperate move on both sides. Fox went on to say that Trump  is not welcome to Mexico,  and continued: We don t like him. We don t want him. Fox also criticized current President Pena Nieto for entertaining Trump s visit: I think President Pena is taking an enormous political risk by hosting Trump,  going on to call Pena Nieto s decision a  big mistake.  Fox also straight   out apologized for the visit and the president s insistence on going along with it: I really apologize for our president taking this step forward. After that, Fox turned his attentions to Trump himself, and his many hypocrisies regarding the issues of immigration and trade: How can you believe him when we are hearing right now that he and his wife violated migration laws in the United States?How can he speak about trade war when he s manufacturing all his products for his business outside of the United States? It s absolutely incongruent, absolutely inconsistent. Fox then appealed directly to Americans, warning us of Trump s incompetence when it comes to being president: I just cannot envision him sitting on that chair that was the chair of President Washington, President Jefferson, President Kennedy, President Reagan   all the great presidents that nation has had.This guy is not up to be a president. Of course, Trump, unwilling to let any criticism go, actually tried to lie regarding a proposed visit with Vicente Fox. He lashed out at Fox on Twitter:Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the ""f bomb.""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 31, 2016Fox fired back, though, setting the record straight:@realDonaldTrump, I invited you to come and apologize to all Mexicans. Stop lying! Mexico is not yours to play with, show some respect.  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) August 31, 2016Fox is likely right. The Mexican people  have every reason to loathe Donald Trump. Trump, in all his arrogance, likely thinks that this visit with President Pena Nieto will mean concessions   and, dare I say it   a check for his border wall. None of that will happen, though, and hopefully Trump returns from Mexico humiliated, as he so richly deserves.Watch video of Fox s comments below:Featured image via Patrick T. Fallon/Getty ",News,"August 31, 2016",0
British foreign secretary 'concerned' about planned U.S. recognition of Jerusalem,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Wednesday that he was concerned about reports that U.S. President Donald Trump s would recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Lets wait and see what the president says exactly. But, you know, we view the reports that we have heard with concern because we think that Jerusalem obviously should be part of the final settlement between the Israelis and the Palestinians,  he told reporters in Brussels. Senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump will recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. Embassy to the city. ",worldnews,"December 6, 2017 ",1
 Trump Demands Investigation Into His Political Enemies And Gets Torn Apart By Twitter (TWEETS),"Brace yourself, people. Senator Charles Schumer once had a donut and coffee with Vladimir Putin during an official 2003 state visit to a Russian gas station chain that opened in New York. Sure, Schumer wasn t running for President and this was a public meeting. He also did not perjure himself like Attorney General Jeff Sessions   but according to Donald Trump, the lies he and his administration have told the American people and the crimes they have committed right in front of us mean nothing because Schumer was once photographed doing his job when Vladimir Putin happened to be a part of it.Oh, yes, and he should be investigated, for asking questions about Trump and friends  clearly treasonous actions.  We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin,  Trump tweeted Friday.  A total hypocrite! We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! pic.twitter.com/Ik3yqjHzsA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Now any idiot can see that one of these things is not like the other, but Trump and his fanbase lost the right to be called  idiots  long ago. Fortunately, most Americans are not brainwashed, and many of them showed up to share their thoughts with our middle-schooler-in-chief.@realDonaldTrump How was your visit to Moscow? pic.twitter.com/g42z92JGR8  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Trump has no financial relationship with any Russian oligarchs?""Manafort: *mumbles into oblivion*pic.twitter.com/6fy7ioG0vY  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump the obvious ties of your administration to the country that is seeking to destroy our democracy is nothing short of treason  Cole Ledford (@ColeLedford11) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer pic.twitter.com/P0djCRmGwb  ((Molly Jong-Fast)) (@MollyJongFast) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump *I may have colluded with the Russians, but Schumer ate a donut with Putin!  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) March 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump What about a posthumous investigation of Reagan while we're at it! pic.twitter.com/d5Bkq25j3I  Adam Blickstein (@AdamBlickstein) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump The fact that you tweet this from Drudge shows how gullible you are. That was taken in '03 during a PUBLIC OFFICIAL visit.  Chet Powell (@ChetPowell) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer So, Donutgate? ?? Is this how you're going to try & distract from the truth of your treason? #trumprussia  MErider   (@roadchickie) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer This is a photo of them meeting publicly.  Cody Johnston (@drmistercody) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer eating in public isn't the same as a covert meeting during your campaign and lying about it under oath! #treaon  Ryan Chase (@radioryanchase) March 3, 2017Later, Trump demanded an investigation into Nancy Pelosi because she was once photographed with Russian ambassador Kislyak in 2010. Pelosi apparently  mistakenly said that she didn t meet  this Russian ambassador  on Friday. She is seen in the photo sitting across the table from the current ambassador.I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Pelosi later clarified that she, unlike Trump s people, has never met with the current ambassador privately. Naturally, people were there again to remind Trump that he s an idiot, particularly because it took him three tries to spell one word correctly:In the middle of THREE attempts to correctly spell ""hereby"" in an attack tweet, Trump tweeted about the importance of education. Irony. pic.twitter.com/v53dPnrTEY  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @politico I hereby declare that you are SO BAD AT DEFLECTING OUR ATTENTION FROM YOUR OBVIOUS COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @politico hereby, hearby, or here by???  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump How many times are you going to try to get this tweet right? Why don't you try presidenting instead of angry tweeting?  Laura Packard (@lpackard) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @politico She wasn't sneaking them in the back door of trump tower and lying about it. Big difference Donnie!  Scarlet Pimpernel (@ScarletPimper17) March 3, 2017Sorry, Mr. Trump, the American people are not all morons, nor will they fall for whatever you hope to gain from  Donutgate.  A Public visit that lasted about 10 minutes is not in any way like multiple secret meetings and perjury.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",News,"March 3, 2017",0
"HARD-CORE, CONSERVATIVE, Street Artist, Sabo Videotapes Visit From Secret Service…Who Is This Guy? Why Does Obama Fear Him?","He s a controversial, conservative artist and he s coming after the Left. He s an outspoken, brave, modern-day Patriot, and he s not afraid to venture where conservatives have never gone. Sabo (his pseudonym) has shocked many liberals, and conservatives alike with his edgy artwork. It would be an understatement to say that he is constantly pushing the envelope. Whether you agree or disagree with him, conservatives should be thanking Sabo for utilizing his 1st Amendment Right, as he takes the fight against the Left to the streets of cities across America.If you want to help Sabo to create more of these important anti-Left messages leading up to the next election and beyond, please consider donating to him HERE. He s working to get an important message out to Americans, and more specifically to the younger voter. The only thing that pays for his supplies and his bill are donations from his supporters. Please consider helping him out. Here is his website: unsavoryagents.com and his STOREHere is an example of Sabo s most recent work:  Here is one of our personal favorites:  Hillary s baggage   When Democrat candidates come to town for a fundraiser, Sabo tries to have a surprise message waiting for them, like this great piece waiting for Hillary in Greenwich, CT: Here s a great welcome sign waiting for Hillary on the way to one of her fundraisers (courtesy of Sabo): And then there were the  special mile markers  created just for the Los Angeles Marathon:   The Obama Drone signs are some of our personal favorites. If Americans were smart, they d forgo a few hours of entertainment and stop funding these Hollywood freaks who support the destruction of our nation: He s not afraid to call out race baiters like Al Sharpton: And cry-baby college students looking for  safe spaces  are not immune to his counter-message. This poster mocks the #BlackLivesMatter (Anti-White) movement, and was plastered across the street from a college fraternity house: Sabo used this great illustration to point out the entitlement mentality of the Clinton Crime Syndicate who believes the throne (our White House) rightfully belongs to Hillary: Sabo makes no secret of his support for Ted Cruz. He has been a loyal supporter for years. This piece of art he created illustrates the kick ass, take-no-prisoners style of Ted Cruz that both the GOP and Left despise: Here is an interview with Glenn Beck that explains what motivates Sabo, and why he chose to use street art to get a conservative message out to Americans:Is it any wonder when Sabo saw this message from Obama s Secret Service hanging on his door, he wasn t too surprised? Sabo called the agent listed on the door hanger and scheduled a meeting at his home for 10 a.m. on Wednesday. Before the interview, Sabo posted the above image and alerted his Facebook friends and Twitter followers about the pending visit. Shortly after the Secret Service visit, Sabo posted a video that claims to cover most of the entire interview. Sabo told TheBlaze there was a little more to it, but  I just wanted to get it out.  You can watch the video of the visit here: (Warning: The video has some objectionable images and the dialogue contains profanity)Here is one of the tweets that supposedly brought the Secret Service to Sabo s door:A MESSAGE TO THE SECRET SERVICE. I HAVE $10,000 IN HAND WHICH I WILL USE BUY A MONTH OF COLUMBIAN HOOKERS FOR YOU TO LOOK THE OTHER WAY.  unsavoryagents (@unsavoryagents) September 29, 2014Here is a video showing how Sabo creates his street art:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>THE BITCH IS BACKPosted by Unsavoryagents on Sunday, October 23, 2011From Sabo s Website unsavoryagents.com : Bush the Younger was elected President and the claws came out in Hollywood. I lost my friends along with a great deal of peace. It was not a good time to be a Republican in Hollywood. There was no place I could go where I wasn t punched in the face by some sort of art defining who I was for being a Republican. Evil, Bigotted, Homophobic, Out of Touch, Rich, Greedy, on and on. And then I snapped. Why was the Left allowed to define me and where are the dissenting voices from the Right setting the record straight? Creatively speaking, no one. I believe the Right has a great message, sadly the only people telling it are those on the Left and they do a damn fine job making us look like ass holes and what do Republicans do about it, NOT A DAMN THING!!! Fuck it! I guess it s just going to have to be me, I thought. My aim as an artist is to be as dirty, ground level, and mean as any Liberal artist out there, more so if I can. Use their tactics, their methods, appeal to their audience, the young, urban , street urchins with a message they never hear in a style they own. My name is SABO, I m an UNSAVORYAGENT.",left-news,"Jan 24, 2016",0
"4,700 Syrian refugees approved resettlement to U.S.: Homeland Security chief","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has approved 4,700 Syrian refugees who are awaiting resettlement to the country, while an additional 7,900 are awaiting security review, U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Thursday. Johnson, speaking to a homeland security advisory panel at the Department of Homeland Security, was defending against critics who say the Obama administration is falling behind meeting its goal of bringing in 10,000 Syrian refugees into the country by the end of fiscal year 2016. ",politicsNews,"June 2, 2016 ",1
 Donald Trump Jr Posts Disgusting Lie About London’s Muslim Mayor Minutes After London Terror Attack,"This morning, a man drove his car into a crowd near the UK s parliament building and began attacking bystanders with a knife. Across the ocean, America s conservative handled the scary situation with characteristic boorishness. At the forefront of this despicable behavior was President Trump s own son. British police hadn t even confirmed the number of dead before Donald Trump Jr used the attack as a pretext to promote Islamophobia on Twitter.While emergencies workers worked on the injured and police began piecing together what happened, Don Jr. decided his contribution would be to spread a vicious and pathetic lie about London s mayor. Why would he focus on this man while the city was still in shock? Because Mayor Sadiq Khan is Muslim.In a tweet, Don Jr. implied Khan was somehow sympathetic to terrorists, inaccurately quoting him as having said  Terror attacks are part of living in big city [sic].  Don commented: You have got to be kidding me?! You have to be kidding me?!: Terror attacks are part of living in big city, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan https://t.co/uSm2pwRTjO  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 22, 2017Like clockwork, other conservative Trump-clingers began running with the quote as well.Will London's Muslim mayor, @SadiqKhan, once again say that Muslim terror attacks are just ""part and parcel"" of living in a major city?  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) March 22, 2017Can't wait for London s Muslim Mayor to lecture us about how terror attacks are  part and parcel  of urban life  again.  Faith J. Goldy  ?? (@FaithGoldy) March 22, 2017The problem: The quote and the link used in Don Jr. s tweet are ludicrously wrong. The real quote paints Khan as a man not sympathetic to terrorism but vigilant about stopping terrorism. Here s the full quote given in 2016 to the Evening Standard: What I do know is that part and parcel of living in a great, global city is that you ve got to be prepared for these sort of things. You ve got to be vigilant. You ve got to support the police who do an incredibly hard job. You ve got to support the security services and I think speculating when you don t know the facts is unwise. In other words, Khan is doing all the things every mayor in every major city in the world is doing: Working to stop terrorism while knowing that a big city s size and landmarks make tempting targets. Nowhere does he accept that terrorism is  part and parcel  of urban life. Fighting it is.Don Jr has yet to express any condolences to the families of the victims. He s so far tweeted exclusively about Muslims (including this lie about London s mayor). The lack of basic decency seems to run in the family. Don Jr. s dad once commented on the mass shooting in Orlando by infamously saying  appreciate the congrats. It s like every tragedy is seen not as a horrifying moment of pain and suffering for the victims but something to be exploited to further an agenda. Don Jr desperately wants to smear Muslims and if it means lying about the mayor of the city that was just attacked, then that s what he ll do.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",News,"March 22, 2017",0
Spanish lender Sabadell to transfer legal base to Alicante - spokeswoman,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish lender Sabadell decided on Thursday to transfer its legal base from Catalonia to Alicante, a bank spokeswoman said. The decision by Banco Sabadell, Spain s fifth biggest lender, comes as businesses in the wealthy northeastern region are growing increasingly worried about political upheaval there as the Catalan parliament considers whether to press ahead with a plan to unilaterally declare independence from Spain. ",worldnews,"October 5, 2017 ",1
Obama: China knows it cannot sustain export-driven growth model,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday said China recognized it could not sustain an export-driven growth model indefinitely but that it would take time to change. Speaking to state governors at the White House, Obama urged them to press the U.S. Congress to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact to boost U.S. exports in a region where China is “the 800-pound gorilla.” Obama said it was tempting for China to try to solve its short-term problems by dumping state-subsidized goods into the U.S. market but said his administration had made clear to China that would not work, Obama said. “They recognize that they can’t forever sustain an export-driven growth model, but it’s going to take some time and it’s tempting for them to solve short-term problems by just dumping a bunch of state-subsidized goods into the U.S. market,” Obama said in response to a question raising concerns about China’s exports of iron ore. “We’ve been very clear with them about the fact that that’s not going to work, and we’re going to put in place tools to make sure it doesn’t work,” he said. Obama also said the United States had made clear China needed to have an orderly market-based currency system that did not advantage its companies over their U.S. counterparts. “Right now, frankly, their intervention is to prop up their currency rather than to devalue it, because a lot of people have been nervous about the Chinese economy,” he said. Obama told the governors he was “cautiously optimistic” that Congress ultimately will back the 12-nation TPP trade pact, which labor unions oppose because of what Obama called “emotions” about job losses from past trade deals. “Our concern there was that China was the 800-pound gorilla. And if we allowed them to set trade rules out there, American businesses and American workers were going to be cut out,” he said.  Obama said he would have to rely on votes from “a set of strong pro-trade Democrats” in Congress as well as Republicans. But Obama acknowledged that Republicans have also “some concerns along the margins” of the TPP, such as provisions affecting tobacco, and said the campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election has “roiled” the debate in both parties. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, has said he has “some problems” with the TPP and does not think it should be pursued before the election. ",politicsNews,"February 22, 2016 ",1
Catalan separatists to lose majority in tight election: poll,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s independence movement could suffer a serious setback in elections this month, according to a poll published on Sunday, which suggests separatist parties will narrowly fail to secure a majority in the regional parliament. The three parties which supported Catalonia s frustrated push to split from Spain in October are seen as returning a total of 66 or 67 seats in the Dec. 21 election, just shy of the 68 seats they would need to control the regional parliament, according to the poll in Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia. Unionist parties combined are also seen as falling short of an absolute majority, the poll finds, opening the door to a possible hung parliament with CatComu-Podem, the Catalan arm of the anti-austerity Podemos party, as a potential kingmaker. Market friendly unionist party Ciudadanos and two pro-independence parties, ERC and Junts per Catalunya, the party of former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, are in a dead heat to be the largest parliamentary force, according to the poll based on interviews between Dec. 4 and Dec. 7. Turnout for the election, which was forced by the central government in an effort to break the political crisis that seized the region in recent months, is predicted to reach a record 82 percent.  ",worldnews,"December 10, 2017 ",1
WOW! US Marine And Navy Veteran Writes BLISTERING Open Letter To Khizr Khan: “Does it matter whether Mr. Trump has ‘sacrificed’? Has Ms. Clinton ‘sacrificed’ for this nation? How about Mr. Obama?”,"Wow! This is a spectacular letter that should be read by every American voter. Veteran Chris Mark truly puts Mr. Khan s public ridicule of Donald Trump into perspective. Bravo Mr. Mark! PLEASE SHARE this everywhere!Dear Mr. Khan,I want to preface this letter by stating that I respect your son s sacrifice for this great nation. By all accounts, he is a true hero that sacrificed himself in service to our country. For that I am thankful.As a veteran, I watched your comments at the Democratic National Convention with a mixture of sadness, and anger. The United States has a military comprised of volunteers. Every single member has made the conscious choice to join the military and serve. There is not a single service member who has been forced into service. It is important for all service members (and apparently, their families) to understand that service to this great nation does not imbue one with special privileges or rights. I found your comments troubling when you said:  Have you ever been to Arlington cemetery? Go look at the graves of brave patriots who died defending the United States of America. You will see all faiths, genders and ethnicities. You have sacrificed nothing and no one. Does it matter whether Mr. Trump has sacrificed  nothing and no one? has Ms. Clinton  ..sacrificed  for this nation? How about Mr. Obama? Your comment stating that Mr. Trump  has sacrifice no one  is alarming. Are you intimating that YOU sacrificed? Sir, your son willingly sacrificed himself. As a father I cannot imagine the pain you must feel but his sacrifice is his own. He was not forced to serve.I am troubled that you would allow a party that has little more than contempt for the US Service Member to parade you into the DNC to denounce Donald Trump. Did you watch when protesters at the DNC booed and heckled Medal of Honor recipient Capt. Florent Groberg? Did you notice your party interrupting the moment of silence for slain police officers? Your own hypocrisy in not denouncing these acts and instead using the DNC as a platform to make a political point is disgraceful. The simple fact is that whether one served or sacrificed does not give greater power to their statements. One vote is as valuable as another. That sir, is why our Country is great. Your condemnation of one person for a statement while standing idly as your party disparages veterans and police officers is the height of hypocrisy.To conflate the need to prevent potential terrorists from entering our country with the belief that  all Muslims  should be banned is simply wrong and disingenuous. As a reminder, Mr. Trump said:    Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life,  The irony of your son s own death at the hands of these very people in Iraq should not be ignored. I have little doubt that your son would have recognized the need to protect our country from these very people. In fact, he held is own troops back so that he could check on a suspicious car. Your son understood sacrifice and how to protect  his people his soldiers . his fellow Americans As you continue to make the media circuit and bask in the glow of affection cast upon you by a party that has little regard for your son s own sacrifice, and veterans in general, I would ask you to consider your comments and your position more closely.Respectfully,Chris MarkUS Marine and Navy Veteran.Via: Global Security, Privacy and Risk Management -Blog by Chris Mark",left-news,"Aug 1, 2016",0
"UNHINGED MIKA Called President Trump “Not Well, Ignorant, Stupid, Mentally Ill and a Narcissist in ONE MINUTE! [VIDEO]","Hour one of the MSNBC morning show began typically enough with Mika and Joe. The assembled gang could barely contain their glee at the prospect of damning testimony from James Comey. That all set the stage for a typical Mika Brzezinski tirade that was honestly one of the most disgusting assaults on President Trump yet. It s unhinged hate!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZoUCHs22Aw I think Trump is such a narcissist, it s possible he is mentally ill in a way and this is on the table, I said it months ago and now everyone is starting to say it like it s new, and it s ok to say. He s not well,  she said.  At the very least, he s not well. And he s so narcissistic he does not believe the rules apply to him, and that s where the ignorance label may apply because this is a man who says he can grab women anywhere because he s famous. Then something very curious happened.Scarborough looked off camera and can be heard saying,  What s that? Wow,  Then Willie Geist showed him something and the two started laughing. Then a clearly not listening Scarborough, banged the table. Stop right there,  he laughed  I need an eject button. He posted it?  Scarborough appeared to ask someone else?Brzezinski finally realized that nobody was listening to her and demanded an explanation. Nothing I have said is crazy,  she said. We ll talk about it in the break,  said Scarborough barely able to get it out through his own laugher.The show soon went to break. When it returned Scarborough joked about  keeping it in the guard rails. Brzezinski appeared to offer an explanation of her actions.  I am keeping it in the guard rails. Everything I ve said you all have thought and you know and you ve said in your own way. You re going to talk to me about a filter?  she snapped at Scarborough. Yes,  he said.",left-news,"Jun 30, 2017",0
Attorney General Sessions says now recalls meeting flagged in Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Tuesday he now recalls a meeting in March 2016 that has come under scrutiny as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into whether President Donald Trump’s election campaign colluded with Russia. In testimony before the U.S. House Judiciary Committee, Sessions acknowledged he attended a meeting with George Papadopoulos, a former campaign adviser who pleaded guilty last month to lying to the FBI. According to court documents, Papadopoulos told the meeting he could help use his Russian connections to broker a meeting between then-candidate Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Sessions had previously testified to Congress he was unaware of communications between the campaign and Russian officials.     ",politicsNews,"November 14, 2017 ",1
Japan PM says it's not so easy to change Trump's mind on TPP,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday that it is not so easy to change U.S. President Donald Trump’s mind on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Trump will seek quick progress towards a bilateral trade agreement with Japan in place of the TPP deal he abandoned this week, when Abe visits the White House next month, an official in the Trump administration said on Thursday. ",politicsNews,"January 27, 2017 ",1
NO SHAME! MSNBC ANCHOR Attacks Critically Injured Steve Scalise Who Can’t Defend Himself [Video],"Joy Reid is known for her racist slant on the news. She s one bitter and angry woman we ve reported on numerous times for her over-the-top rhetoric. This latest rant is surprising even for Reid. She goes after critically injured congressman Steve Scalise with the aide of a NAACP board member. Steve Scalise cannot defend himself right now The left has no shame!Reid:  There s a whole country out there and a lot of people, at least in my Twitter timeline, and it s a delicate thing, because everybody is wishing the congressman well and hoping that he recovers, but Steve Scalise has a history that we ve all been forced to sort of ignore on race. He did come to leadership after some controversy over attending a white nationalist event, which he says he didn t know what it was. He also co-sponsored a bill to amend the Constitution to define marriage as between a man and a woman. He co-sponsored the House healthcare bill, which as you said would gut healthcare for millions of people including three million children and he cosponsored a bill to repeal the ban on semiautomatic weapons. Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise is still hospitalized in critical condition but liberal MSNBC host Joy Ann Reid didn t let that stop her from portraying Scalise as an extremist just three days after an angry left-winger shot Scalise and tried to assassinate dozens of Republican congressmen in Alexandria, Virginia on Wednesday.House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was in  imminent risk of death  when he was flown to a trauma center Wednesday after being shot during an ambush of a GOP congressional baseball team practicing on a Virginia field. He will be in the hospital for a considerable period of time, presumably weeks,  said Jack Sava, trauma director at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, who spoke Friday about the Louisiana Republican who remains in critical condition at the hospital in the District.Sava added that Scalise  was as critical as you can be when he came in  after a single rifle shot traversed his body from his left hip through internal organs to the other hip as witnesses said he was fielding ground balls.The shot fired at Scalise left perhaps hundreds of bullet fragments internally, many of which may never be removed because surgery might be more dangerous than leaving them in place, Sava said. That circumstance is not uncommon for that type of injury, known as a transpelvic gunshot wound, the trauma surgeon said.Sava said Scalise will require surgeries soon for abdominal and bone injuries, in addition to the two he has undergone to repair a bone in his leg broken by the bullet. The congressman sustained  substantial damage  to organs and blood vessels, Sava said, and remains in intensive care.How can these idiots keep arguing with a man who is critically injured in the hospital? It s horrible because he cannot defend himself! ",left-news,"Jun 17, 2017",0
North Korean nuclear test prompts global condemnation,"LONDON (Reuters) - North Korea s biggest nuclear test to date was condemned around the world on Sunday, with several leaders calling for new sanctions and U.S. President Donald Trump saying  appeasement  would not work. The explosion of what North Korea said was an advanced hydrogen bomb came just days after it fired a missile over Japan.  Trump, who said after last week s missile launch that talking to Pyongyang  is not the answer , tweeted that Sunday s test showed North Korea s  words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States . U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said he would put together new sanctions to potentially cut off all North Korea s global trade.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron said they planned to tighten European Union sanctions.  This latest provocation by the ruler in Pyongyang has reached a new dimension,  the German government said in a statement after Merkel and Macron discussed the issue by phone. Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson said:  They (North Korea) seem to be moving closer towards a hydrogen bomb which, if fitted to a successful missile, would unquestionably present a new order of threat,  adding that there were no palatable military solutions.  British Prime Minister Theresa May said the U.N. Security Council should urgently look at new measures. Russia struck a cautious tone.  In the emerging conditions it is absolutely essential to keep cool, refrain from any actions that could lead to a further escalation of tensions,  Russia s foreign ministry said, adding that North Korea risked  serious consequences . Later on Sunday, Russian President Vladimir Putin met his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in China where they agreed to  appropriately deal with  the crisis, Chinese state news agency Xinhua said.  The two leaders agreed to stick to the goal of denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and keep close communication and coordination to deal with the new situation,  Xinhua said. Earlier, China urged North Korea to stop  wrong  actions and said it would fully enforce U.N. resolutions on the country. As North Korea s most important trading partner, the position of China - a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council - will be closely watched. A Japanese government source said there would be pressure on Beijing to impose an oil embargo.  They will probably act eventually but ... it is possible that will not be before their October (party) convention,  the source said.  Russia does not have real influence on North Korea. It s China that matters.  Trump said North Korea had become  a great threat and embarrassment to China  and that Beijing had tried but failed to solve the problem. What he called South Korea s  talk of appeasement  would not work as  they (the North Koreans) only understand one thing!  The International Atomic Energy Agency, which has no access to North Korea, called the nuclear test, Pyongyang s sixth since 2006,  an extremely regrettable act  that was  in complete disregard of the repeated demands of the international community . ",worldnews,"September 3, 2017 ",1
"HILLARY VOLUNTEER, Obama Supporter Mocks Ryan Owens’ Widow Carryn For “Standing there and clapping like an idiot”","Speaking of not having a soul..check out this tweet by Hillary volunteer and Obama supporter (Dan Grilo made all of his tweets private, but unfortunately for Dan the Democrat, we took a screen shot):Here s Dan Grilo s Twitter profile. Such a nice Democrat If Democrats keep carrying on with this type of hateful messaging, they ll never see another member of their party holding a pubic office again. ",left-news,"Feb 28, 2017",0
 Ted Cruz Holds Hearing On Why Obama Won’t Use The Words He Likes,"Ted Cruz, who chairs the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, is holding a hearing on radical Islam. This isn t just any hearing on radical Islam, though. It s specifically investigating why President Obama won t use the term  radical Islamic terrorism  when he s talking about radical Islamic terrorism.Seriously.Ted Cruz, a United States Senator, is using Congressional resources, and taking up Congressional time, to investigate words.We wish we were making this up.The hearing s goal is to amp up his message that Obama s refusal to use those specific words has weakened our national security, and the primary accusation is that Obama has been scrubbing the words  radical Islamic terrorism  from public records in order  to pretend the threat doesn t exist. There is a metric ton of right-wing news sites and blogs that pushed a conspiracy theory that Obama censored references to radical Islam from a video of a meeting with French President Francois Hollande, just after the Paris attacks last year. It turns out there was a technical glitch with the recording equipment that dropped the audio at that point in the meeting. As soon as the White House became aware of the problem, they published an updated video with complete audio.Ted Cruz, being the unintelligent, irrational individual we know him to be, would rather waste his subcommittee s time and taxpayer dollars on vapid conspiracy nonsense if it means taking Obama down. The truth is that Obama won t use those specific words because he s trying to isolate ISIS, and terrorists, from the broader Islamic world. He s said: [W]e are not at war with Islam. We are at war with people who have perverted Islam. That is the cold, naked truth that the cowering right won t accept. George W. Bush said the same thing many times throughout his presidency. Here s one example from 2002, not too long after Sept. 11: This great nation of many religions understands, our war is not against Islam, or against faith practiced by the Muslim people. Our war is a war against evil.  [emphasis mine]Ted Cruz, whose brain is the size of a peanut, won t acknowledge that though, because reasons. Others, however, will try to force him to acknowledge it. Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL) did that, saying at the hearing: I have plenty of disagreements with President George W. Bush, but I still marvel that after all we went through [he still pushed us to distinguish between the vast majority of Muslims and a few dangerous extremists]. There s a serious problem when a Democrat can make George W. Bush actually look like a good president. These usurpers of American patriotism not only excel at ignoring pesky things like that, but they also excel at just plain looking foolish. Cruz even had a witness there that went so far as to accuse Reps. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and Andre Carson (D-IN) of having ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, simply because they attended a Muslim event once. Ellison and Carson are the only two Muslims serving in Congress.What can we expect from the man who appointed noted Islamophobe Frank Gaffney, of all people, to his presidential campaign team as a national security adviser, though? Gaffney thinks that Grover Norquist is a secret Muslim; it s hard to take anything he says or does any more seriously than we take the word vomit that spews forth from Donald Trump s mouth.Bottom line: Cruz is pursuing a vendetta of some type against Obama. Either that, or he s desperate to cement his legacy as one of the best Senators we ve ever seen before Obama leaves office. He s only cementing his legacy as an out-of-control loon who complains about big government and wasted money, but has no problem using the government and wasting money to pursue fluff.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"June 28, 2016",0
Rohingya insurgents declare temporary ceasefire amid humanitarian crisis,"BANGKOK/COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya insurgents declared a month-long unilateral ceasefire, starting on Sunday, to enable aid groups to help ease a humanitarian crisis in northwest Myanmar. Nearly 300,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh and 30,000 non-Muslim civilians have been displaced inside Myanmar after the military launched a counter-offensive following attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) insurgents on 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25.  ARSA strongly encourages all concerned humanitarian actors resume their humanitarian assistance to all victims of the humanitarian crisis, irrespective of ethnic or religious background during the ceasefire period,  ARSA said in a statement.   The impact of the move is unclear. The group does not appear to have been able to put up significant resistance against the military force unleashed in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state. In the last two weeks, thousands of homes have been burned down, dozens of villages uprooted and thousands of people are still on the move toward the border with Bangladesh. The wave of hungry and traumatized refugees pouring into Bangladesh has strained aid agencies and local communities already helping hundreds of thousands displaced by previous waves of violence in Myanmar. In its statement, ARSA called on the military to also lay down arms and allow humanitarian aid to all affected people. Myanmar says its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against ARSA, which the government has declared a terrorist organization. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. On Friday, the United Nations in Bangladesh found tens of thousands of refugees who had not been counted before, raising the count to 270,000 from some 164,000 the day before. On Saturday, that jumped by another 20,000 to 290,000. On Saturday, thousands of Rohingya were milling on the road near the camp of Kutapalong, carrying bamboo and tarpaulin to build shacks. Children and women flocked to every stopping vehicle, begging. Aid workers say a serious humanitarian crisis is also unfolding on the Myanmar side of the border. Red Cross organizations are scaling up their operations in Rakhine after the United Nations had to suspend activities there following government suggestions that its agency had supported the insurgents. The United Nations evacuated non-critical staff from the area. Thousands of displaced people in Rakhine have been stranded or left without food for weeks. Many are still trying to cross mountains, dense bush and rice fields to reach Bangladesh.   The U.N. and INGOs have not been very welcome in Rakhine and...they are not able to operate and ensure the safety and security of their staff and volunteers,  said Joy Singhal of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC). The government had invited the Red Cross to assist them, he said. Aid workers worry many Rohingya had been left without food since mid-July, when the World Food Programme (WFP), which had been providing food and cash assistance, was unable to operate. The government said it would set up camps for internally displaced people in Rakhine but the move could draw opposition from U.N. humanitarian experts.  (This story corrects to change  she  to  he  in 14th paragraph) ",worldnews,"September 9, 2017 ",1
VIDEO SHOWS SCARY TRUTH About What Decades Of Democrat Ruled #DETROIT Looks Like Today…While Dem Mayor Tells Glowing Story Of “Success”,"We live near the city of Detroit, and anyone could literally drive around for an entire week and see the very same sights as this amateur videographer took. The brilliance of this video is the narration by Detroit s Democrat Mayor Duggan. He revisits the tired old  hope and change  that we all heard 8 years ago, only this time, Hillary s going to fix it. There are no jobs in Detroit. The manufacturing has been shipped overseas. There is little hope in the city of Detroit, because every time the city gets a large infusion of cash, someone from the Democrat Party is there to mismanage the money or use it in ways it was never intended to be used. Of course, we in the suburbs continue to bail out the schools and bail out those who can t (or won t) pay their water bills.  Meanwhile, principals and anyone who has access to Detroit school funds are stealing the from money designated for the kids, while stories of corruption by city officials (all Democrats) barely get a blip in the local news.Here s the real  comeback city  our Democrat Mayor wants you to believe Hillary gives a damn about: ",politics,"Aug 1, 2016",0
CNN PANEL ROARS WITH LAUGHTER At Tim Kaine’s Lame Defense Of Clinton Not Holding A Press Conference [Video], ,politics,"Sep 4, 2016",0
"STUDENTS AT MAJOR UNIVERSITY: Black Students, Including Inmates Should Get FREE Tuition, Room And Board…Check Out Who’s NOT Included","Description advertising racist wear from Facebook:  White folk or those who see themselves as white are given said power inherently regardless of socioeconomic class, education etc. This is why white men created race in the first place to maintain power. Racism gave birth to the idea of race. This is a [sic] oversimplified definition Fast forward to today, where the student government at the University of Wisconsin-Madison said on Wednesday that black students should be offered free tuition and housing because blacks were legally barred from education during slavery and university remains out of reach for black students today.The Associated Students of Madison said in a resolution that suburban high school students are over-represented. The group said consideration of ACT and SAT scores in applications upholds  white supremacy  because it restricts opportunities for the poor.The college has proposed measures aimed at improving diversity.So what about Native Americans? What about Asians, Hispanics, refugees, Eskimos, European immigrants, descendants of the holocaust who died before we entered the fight?  And what about  the Irish who were treated horribly by other immigrants right here in America, after fleeing their homeland to escape the potato famine? What about descendants of Salem Witch trials? What about families who lost their primary bread winner fighting for our nation overseas, or as a first responder? Are they not worthy of a FREE education? What about poor white people? You know, there is such a thing. Despite what these snowflakes and their radical leftist educators would like you to believe, there are actually white families who struggle to make ends meet and live in ghettos or dirt-poor rural areas. Where does it stop? And who gets to decide that the only protected and special group who  deserves  a FREE college education are blacks? The proposal calls for 10 percent of donations from the college to bolster financial aid and study the feasibility of test-optional and geographically weighted admissions.Madison enrollment is currently made up of about two-percent of black students.University spokeswoman Meredith McGlone noted that the proportion of  students of color  has grown from 11 percent to 15 percent over the last decade.McGlone said the Chancellor proposed giving first-generation transfers from two-year schools free tuition for a year, contingent on funding in state budget, and a recent $10 million donation will be invested in expanding the Chancellor s Scholarship Program.-FOX News",politics,"Feb 17, 2017",0
Malaysia arrests 20 over suspected terror links,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has arrested 20 suspected militants, including 13 foreigners, police said on Friday, adding to a list of hundreds detained in recent years accused of having links to terror groups. The Muslim-majority Southeast Asian country has been on high alert since gunmen linked to Islamic State launched multiple attacks in Jakarta, the capital of neighboring Indonesia, in January 2016.  The suspects were arrested in a counter-terror operation carried out in four states between Nov. 30 and Dec. 15, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun said in a statement.      They include a 50-year-old Filipino suspected of recruiting his countrymen in Malaysia to join up with the Abu Sayyaf, a militant group notorious for kidnappings and beheadings in the southern Philippines.  The man, who has been living in Malaysia since 2016, was believed to be a cousin of late Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon, a Malaysian intelligence source told Reuters. Hapilon, the Islamic State s anointed  emir  in Southeast Asia, was killed in October by Philippine troops in Marawi city, where he had led a five-month siege.  Police also arrested an Indonesian, suspected of being a leader of Jamaah Ansharut Daulah, a pro-Islamic State alliance of Islamic militants, he said.  The man was involved in a July 2017 bombing in Bandung, Indonesia, before traveling to Malaysia to escape arrest, Mohamad Fuzi said.      The suspect... planned to raise funds in Malaysia before departing for Syria to join up with Daesh,  he said, referring to Islamic State.  A 46-year-old former Malaysian teacher was arrested in Sarawak, on Borneo island, in connection with a plan to attack a beer festival in Kuala Lumpur, police said. Three others had been arrested in October in connection with the plan.      ",worldnews,"December 22, 2017 ",1
WOW! REMEMBER WHEN MEDIA SAID TRUMP Mocked Disabled Reporter? Here’s PROOF They LIED! [VIDEO],"Kudos to Catholics4Trump for providing evidence that the story Hillary and her comrades in the media have been telling American voters for months about Trump mocking a disabled man was nothing more than an opportunity for them to fabricate a story about Trump, in hopes of making him look like an awful human being. Meanwhile, it accomplished what they had hoped for. It took the focus off Hillary and her corrupt and dangerous behavior as our Secretary of State and helped to diminish Trump in the eyes of many Americans. But here s the proof they were lying:At the Democratic National Convention speakers repeated the claim, amplified ad nauseam by the left and establishment GOP opponents over the past year, that Donald Trump mocked the disability of New York Times reporter, Serge Kovaleski. This accusation has served as a very convenient tool to both smear Trump s character and to avoid having to confront him on substantive political issues. But is it true? Here is the story the media is not telling you.It all started on November 21, 2015 when, at a rally, Trump said he remembered seeing reports of Arab Americans celebrating the 9/11 terror attacks on rooftops in New Jersey shortly after the twin towers fell. As he told George Stephanopolous in an interview the next day on ABC s  This Week :Stephanopolous and all of the major news outlets immediately denied the existence of any such news reports following 9/11. One paper, the Washington Post, even went so far as to write a detailed article claiming to  fact check  Mr. Trump. After an exhaustive review, the Post lectured that there was absolutely no evidence of Trump s claim and deemed it false.Imagine the Washington Post s surprise when Trump uncovered one of the Washington Post s own reporters, Serge Kovaleski, supporting the claim in an article Kovaleski wrote for them on September 18, 2001. Kovaleski wrote:Very embarrassing for the media, especially the Washington Post which had done such a great job scouring news reports after 9/11 that they missed their very own story on the subject. It was in this state of embarrassment that the media was desperate to distract from the matter. The Washington Post ended up finding Kovaleski, now writing for the New York Times, so he could do damage control. Kovaleski predictably tried to backtrack from his 2001 account saying he didn t remember the details:Enter Donald Trump s rally in South Carolina soon thereafter. During the rally Trump pointed all of this out and paraphrased Kovaleski s backtracking as he impersonated a groveling reporter changing his story under pressure. While he did this, Trump moved his hands around quickly, acting flustered.Soon thereafter, the media revealed still photos of Kovaleski with his right hand in a permanently flexed position downward announcing that he was disabled. The media then shifted from trying to defend their oversight of the 9/11 Post article and instead, with disapproving shocked outrage, accused Trump of mocking a reporter s disability. Some liberals went even further and freeze-framed a millisecond of the Trump video at the exact moment when his hand went into a flexed posture. Then they dishonestly put this screen capture side by side with a picture of Kovaleski s flexed hand. Thus, you saw the following photo spread like wildfire over social media with commentary condescendingly and horrifyingly excoriating trump as a monster:The media s clear implication was that Trump was mocking the way Kovaleski moved his arms. People watching the clip of Trump s impersonation only knew that Kovaleski was disabled. Thus, they naturally assumed Kovaleski s disability must be similar to cerebral palsy where he has limited control of his movements and is prone to have muscle spasms or move his arms in jerky motions as Trump was doing at the rally. This is precisely the image the media wanted in people s minds. They wanted this to be the story: that Donald Trump knowingly and intentionally mocked the flailing arm motions of someone who can t control his muscles. They knew this would naturally trigger a visceral reaction of disgust from viewers and outrage amongst the disabled and all decent Americans, many of whom, to this day, think this is exactly what happened. Is it?What the media did not choose to show you was video of Serge Kovaleski. Notice how the media only showed and still shows photos of him. This was done for a reason. As it turns out, Kovaleski s disability is a congenital condition called arthrogryposis. Arthrogryposis causes restricted movement in the joints but does not cause spasms or uncontrolled moving of the limbs like cerebral palsy does.To show the depths of the deceit, one CNN reporter explained, while displaying a still photo of him, that Kovaleski,  suffers from a chronic condition that impairs movement of his arms.  Again, the implication is that Kovaleski can t control his arms from moving.To the contrary, Kovaleski appears perfectly calm when giving interviews. Thus, if Trump truly wanted to mock Kovaleski s disability, he would have had to stand perfectly still with a flexed right hand and not flail his arms. don t believe me? Watch the video:Here is Trump explaining that he NEVER mocked the leftist NYT s reporter who was using Trump s misconstrued comments and body language to do a hatchet job on his character:Here s Hillary using a bogus story about Trump created by the leftist media in an attempt to distract from her criminal and reckless behavior as Secretary of State:And finally, watch Trump use almost the EXACT hand movements when referring to the NOT disabled Ted Cruz or the General he spoke of while using similar hand movements:https://youtu.be/ydGOPzW227EBy the way here s the video proving Trump was also correct about Muslim s celebrating in Jersey City after 9-11 terror attack:Via: Catholics4Trump",left-news,"Sep 2, 2016",0
"WOW! REFUGEES EXPOSED: Here’s the cold hard truth the media won’t tell you…“If Saudi Arabia is refusing to accept them because they are a national security threat, why are we accepting them?” [VIDEO]","Brigitte Gabriel is an intelligent and important voice of reason when it comes to the subject of Muslim refugees who are migrating West. She is the Founder and President of Act for America. She is one of the leading national security experts in the world -providing information and analysis on the rise of Islamic terrorism. Ms. Gabriel lectures nationally and internationally about national security and current affairs. Her expertise is sought after by world and business leaders.Gabriel is a Christian born who was born and raised in Lebanon. Her story is very compelling, and serves as a warning to Americans who are fighting to keep the flow of unvetted refugees coming into the United States:  I lost my country of birth to radical Islam   I do not want to lose my adopted country, America. Gabriel declared.Muslims started coming to Lebanon so their children could study at the country s universities. They also stayed to work in their economy.  We built refugee camps for them in Lebanon, we took them in because we wanted to take care of them, but these people turned against us, and they destroyed our country,  Gabriel recalled, bitterly. She said the tipping point was when Muslims became the majority population. Lebanon went from being  the Eden of the Middle East  to being the terrorist pit of the Middle East,  she declared. The country is run by a terrorist organization, and has no rule of law. Currently, there is not even a president in Lebanon, as none has been elected.  They are drowning in their own garbage, the government is falling apart. This is what happens when you import people into your country that do not share your values   that do not share your idea of freedom or democracy, your idea of tolerance,  Gabriel explained.Gabriel did not deny the charitable impulse of helping people in need.  We can still do humanitarian work, but we need to make sure we are protected first,  she declared. We know ISIS infiltrated them, they were coming here under the disguise of refugees, but they are actually ISIS recruiters and ISIS sympathizers,  Gabriel told PJ Media in an interview at the Values Voter Summit on Saturday. She added that the refugees  are making up names   they can tell us anything, and there is nothing we can do to check it. These people don t have passports. We don t even know if the name they give is their real name,  Gabriel explained. The refugees also are not just coming from embattled countries like Syria and Iraq, she argued. They also come from Tunisia, Libya, Eritrea, Djibouti and Afghanistan   migrants fleeing poor countries to go to rich countries.Gabriel argued that the refugees must have a reason for going further west, as opposed to other countries in the Middle East.  These refugees can go to any country in the region, where they speak the Arabic language, where their children can assimilate and continue in their schooling with Arabic schools. Why are they coming to Europe? One reason, she alleged, is that  the word got out that if you want a freebie, this is the opportunity to come to Europe and live off the government. Perhaps more importantly, however, many Middle Eastern countries would turn the migrants away.  Saudi Arabia is a very wealthy country and a very big country   they have a lot of space,  Gabriel noted. She explained that Saudi Arabia, Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi and Kuwait are refusing to accept these refugees because  they are a national security threat.  When Arabic countries suspect terror activity from the refugees, why should we overlook it? If Saudi Arabia is refusing to accept them because they are a national security threat, why are we accepting them?  Gabriel asked.  Are we that dumb? Watch Gabriel as she exposes the truth about the refugees we are bringing to America: It is not difficult to see how the tens of thousands of refugees who have entered Europe and other western countries recently are having a devastating impact in their host nations. Areas holding these refugees have seen an increase in rape, theft, gang activity, intimidation, and organized crime. Media in Europe have reported that thousands of the refugees have disappeared   and are unaccounted for. Terror groups such as the Islamic State publicly announce how they are using refugees as cover to infiltrate the West.An Egyptian-American made this interesting comment under the video. He gives us an idea of what it s like to be a Christian in a Muslim dominated nation:Ms. Gabriel has addressed the United Nations, the Australian Prime Minister, members of the British Parliament/House of Commons, members of the United States Congress, the Pentagon, the Joint Forces Staff College, the U.S. Special Operations Command, the U.S. Asymmetric Warfare group, the FBI, and many others.She speaks Arabic, French, English and Hebrew.",politics,"Jan 31, 2017",0
House speaker: May need a temporary bill to fund government past Dec. 8,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers may have to pass another stop-gap spending bill in order to keep the federal government operating Dec. 8 when existing money runs out, U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Tuesday. Asked about the timing of the budget process and the measure now in place to fund government operations through early December at last year’s levels, Ryan told a news conference, “We might need a little bit more time to give the appropriators time to write their bill” for fiscal 2018 spending that would extend through next Sept. 30. Ryan said a temporary spending bill, if needed while the longer-term one is being negotiated, would extend for a short time. “We are not talking about going into next year,” he said. ",politicsNews,"November 14, 2017 ",1
" WATCH: President Obama Unleashes On Trump, Says He Is Doing The Terrorist’s Work For Them","During an interview on CBS s Face the Nation Sunday morning, President Obama lambasted Donald Trump for his recent comments regarding defending the United States  NATO allies. He saw the comment as being indicative of the Republican presidential candidate of not having enough foreign policy experience. You know for Mr. Trump, who has in the past suggested that America s weak and not looking out for its allies, to then maybe not have enough information or understanding to go out and say that America might not stand by its solemn commitment to protect those same allies who stood with us after 9/11 when we were attacked I think is an indication of the lack of preparedness that he has been displaying when it comes to foreign policy,  Obama said.President Obama went on to say that Muslim Americans are willing to assist in the fight against the Islamic State. He condemned Trump and others who have used hateful rhetoric against Muslims here at home and abroad. But that requires leaders, political leaders, religious leaders, business leaders, all of us to send a very clear signal that we are not going to be divided in that fashion,  Obama went on to say.  And I think the kinds of rhetoric that we ve heard too often, from Mr. Trump and others, is ultimately helping do I.S.I.L. s work. President Obama is absolutely correct. Trump s rhetoric is hurting the United States and our allies. He is too dangerous, xenophobic, and unpredictable to be allowed to have any type of power over the nation s military.You can watch the interview in full.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"July 24, 2016",0
" Trump EXPLODES After Jeff Sessions Gets Caught Lying About Russia, Claims It’s A ‘Total Witch Hunt’","Jeff Sessions just got busted for lying about his ties to Russia during the campaign and Donald Trump was quick to whine about it.When Sessions was being grilled in the Senate during his confirmation hearing, Senator Al Franken asked him directly if he had been in contact with the Russians during the election. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians,  Sessions said.Sessions  statement was made under oath, which means he committed perjury. Perjury is illegal and that means the United States currently has an Attorney General who broke the law to gain his position.Several lawmakers have demanded that Sessions resign and recuse himself from any investigations into Donald trump s ties to Russia.So far, Sessions has refused to resign, which is rather hypocritical since Michael Flynn lied to Mike Pence and had to resign. And Flynn was not under oath when he lied. Sessions WAS under oath.Despite getting caught lying, Trump issued an official White House hissy fit calling the whole scandal a  witch hunt  against  an honest man  while also once again bringing up the election results and the leaks. Jeff Sessions is an honest man,  Trump began.  He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed to win. They lost the election and now, they have lost their grip on reality. The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt! JUST IN: President Trump releases a statement on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, says  It is a total witch hunt!  pic.twitter.com/Jogoc25Ggt  CBS Evening News (@CBSEveningNews) March 3, 2017But Sessions DID say something wrong when he lied in response to a question he received during his confirmation hearing. He directly insisted that he  did not have any communications with the Russians  during the campaign. But, in fact, he DID meet with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak twice during the election, which means he LIED to Congress.Sessions violated U.S. Code 1621 by committing perjury and is subject to a fine or a maximum five years behind bars. Congress has a duty to punish Sessions for lying under oath and he should be forced to resign as Attorney General. The Russia scandal just keeps getting worse for Trump, and it is time for Republicans to appoint a special prosecutor and independent commission to investigate.Featured image via Getty Images",News,"March 2, 2017",0
U.S. Treasury's Mnuchin urges Congress to lift debt limit before recess,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin urged Congress on Wednesday to raise the federal debt limit before lawmakers start  their August recess, to avoid higher interest costs to taxpayers and market uncertainty about a potential default. Maintaining U.S. creditworthiness is of the “utmost importance” and the United States must pay its bills on time, Mnuchin told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee. “As I’ve suggested in the past, based upon our best estimate at the time, we do have funding through September, but I have urged Congress to take this up before they leave for the recess,” Mnuchin said. However there was little sign Congress would heed Mnuchin’s call, at least for the moment. The House of Representatives is due to start its recess on Friday with no hint of movement on the issue, while the Senate is consumed with trying to pass a healthcare overhaul bill. That could leave the debt limit unaddressed until Congress returns on Sept. 5, perhaps one month before the Treasury runs a real risk of not being able to pay all of its obligations.   The last extension of the federal borrowing limit expired in March with total debt of around $20 trillion, but the Treasury has extended its ability to issue debt by employing extraordinary cash management measures, including deferring reinvestments in federal employee pension funds. But short-term Treasury bill markets have grown nervous about the potential for the Treasury to exhaust its borrowing capacity by mid-October, sending yields higher and crushing demand for a recent 3-month bill auction. The situation is costing taxpayers money and stoking market uncertainty, said Mnuchin, a former banker and Hollywood film financier.  “Right now effectively, as opposed to borrowing in the market at lower rates, we’re borrowing and making our trust funds whole at slightly higher rates, so there is a real cost to doing that,” he said. “There’s also an implied cost of uncertainty into the market. And the longer we wait, that more that uncertainty will be.” Senator James Lankford, a Republican, said at the hearing that his best estimate, derived through working with Treasury officials, was that the use of extraordinary measures would amount to about $2.5 billion, largely because the government would have to cover interest owed to the affected pension funds. Mnuchin did not dispute that estimate. Lawmakers showed varying levels of concern on Capitol Hill this week as the Senate focused on trying to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare. “Right now, my focus is Obamacare,” said Senator Ted Cruz when asked on Tuesday if the lack of action on the debt limit was a concern. Cruz led fellow Republicans in 2013 to demand spending cuts as part of a fiscal fight that led to a 16-day partial government shutdown. Another fiscal conservative senator, David Perdue, said however he would prefer that Congress stay in session in August to deal with raising the debt ceiling, adding: “We’ve just got to get it done.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell wants to pass a debt ceiling increase but does not have timing nailed down, a spokesman said. ",politicsNews,"July 26, 2017 ",1
" Turncoat Democrats Break Ranks, Back Trump On Stolen SCOTUS Seat (DETAILS)","When one votes for someone with a (D) next to their name, we expect certain things. Namely, in these troubling political times, that they will oppose the bigoted and disturbingly authoritarian Trump agenda at every turn. The problem is, though, that there are Democrats sitting in Congress right now who are acting more like Republicans than Democrats. The most infamous of such figures is one Senator Joe Manchin (DINO-WV). We ve already reported on how Manchin is a complete turncoat who should simply turn in his (D) for an (R) and stop fooling his voters into thinking he s some kind of liberal, because he isn t. Manchin is anti-gay, anti-choice, pro-gun, and pro-coal. Therefore, he is certainly no Democrat in the modern sense of the word, and it should come as no surprise that he is one of two DINOS in the Senate who has announced that he will vote for the Supreme Court nominee to fill the seat that the obstructionist Republicans stole from President Obama. The other turncoat on this issue is Heidi Heitkamp (D- ND).The Hill reports that Heitcamp says of Trump s Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch: After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. Heitcamp went on to say that Gorsuch is balanced, meticulous, and [a] well respected jurist who understands the rule of law. She obviously coordinated with Manchin to make this traitorous announcement, as it came just minutes after Manchin said of his own voting in favor of Gorsuch via Twitter: I will vote to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court.:Luckily, there is already an organization that is actively working to deal with DINOs like Manchin and Heitkamp. Called We Will Replace You, the group is making sure to primary  Democrats  who refuse to oppose the Trump agenda and his disastrous nominees. While any Democrat is better than a Republican, these people need to stick to their guns and do what is right, not what they are being pressured to do by the Trump White House, the red state voters, and the Republicans in Congress. If they refuse to do their jobs on behalf of the Democrats who put them in Congress, they should be primaried   and if the good people at We Will Replace you have their way, all of these  Democrats  who are voting across the aisle will be primaried in 2018.Remember folks   there are plenty of people hiding behind a (D) who are in no way Democrats. Look at the candidate, not the party label, and #RESIST.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",News,"March 30, 2017",0
Senate votes to proceed with confirmation vote on SEC nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate took a procedural vote on Monday to clear the way for confirming Jay Clayton as the next head of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In a 60-36 vote, the Republican-led Senate voted to end debate on Clayton, with some Democrats joining Republicans in support. A final confirmation vote is expected later this week, and the Senate may take up to 30 hours to debate his confirmation prior to the vote. ",politicsNews,"May 1, 2017 ",1
"Obama says U.S. race relations have improved, but work to be done","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said in a commencement speech on Saturday that U.S. race relations have improved over the last three decades, but that significant work still needs to be done. “I tell you this not to lull you into complacency, but to spur you into action because there’s still so much work to do,” Obama told about 2,300 Howard University graduates in Washington, acknowledging that racism and inequality still persist. “We cannot sleepwalk through life,” he said. The United States has faced a number of racial controversies in recent years, including the 2014 shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, that sparked sometimes violent protests. The United States has a racial gap in economic opportunities, Obama said, noting that the overall U.S. employment rate is around 5 percent, but it is near 9 percent for African-Americans. Obama, the son of a white mother and African father, told the graduates to embrace their racial identity. “Be confident in your blackness,” Obama said, adding “there is no one way to be black ... There’s no straightjacket, there’s no constraints, there’s no litmus test for authenticity.” He added that “my election did not create a post-racial society,” but was one example of how attitudes have changed. Obama also urged the crowd not to try to prod colleges and universities into disinviting controversial speakers - something that has taken place regularly at campuses throughout the United States. Howard University is one of about 100 historically black colleges and universities in the United States. Obama argued that the United States and the world has progressed dramatically since 1983 when he graduated from college. “America is by almost every measure better than it was” in 1983, Obama said, noting that U.S. poverty rate is down, the number of people with college degrees is up and the number of women in the workforce have risen. Obama said today’s college graduates are better positioned than any other to address the country’s tough outstanding problems. “You need a strategy,” Obama said, adding passion and anger are not enough to effect political change and encouraging them to embrace compromise. “Not just hashtags but votes.” He noted the low voter turnout among young people in the 2014 congressional elections. He told the graduates they needed to vote “every time ... not just when you’re inspired.” But Obama noted an area that has not improved in recent decades - the U.S. prison population - currently at 2.2 million, it is up more than fourfold from 500,000 in 1983. African-American men are six times more likely than white men to be incarcerated, Obama said, and urged the graduates to lobby the U.S. Congress to pass a pending criminal justice reform measure. Senator Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, praised Obama’s remarks on Twitter, writing “even conservatives would applaud it.” ",politicsNews,"May 7, 2016 ",1
VETERAN WHO GAVE TRUMP His Purple Heart Explains Why He Did It…SHUTS DOWN Critics [VIDEO]," He asked me if I wanted it back and I said,  no!' The veteran who gave Donald Trump his Purple Heart medal during a campaign rally in Ashburn, Virginia, on Tuesday joined Jenna Lee on  Happening Now  to explain his gesture.Retired Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman said that he gave Trump his medal because he wants the Republican nominee to remember all the people who have fought and died for our country.Dorfman said that when he shook Trump s hand and gave him the medal, they had a very  genuine  moment.Lee asked Dorfman about Trump s controversial remark upon receiving the medal:  I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. He took it in the manner in which I gave is,  Dorfman said, adding that Trump wasn t trying to be offensive with his comment.Why do you believe in him? Lee asked. I just think he d make a good commander-in-chief,  Dorfman said.  I like what he says. WATCH HERE:Via: FOX News",left-news,"Aug 3, 2016",0
 #MakeAmericaBrannigan: Futurama Voice Actor Reads Trump’s Most Infamous Quotes (TWEETS),"The incredibly talented voice actor, Billy West, who is probably best known for his work on the hit television show Futurama has resurrected one of the show s most notorious characters. West posted audio of himself reciting quotes from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as the character Zapp Brannigan. West posted the audio clips of his readings to Twitter, where they have been retweeted thousands of times. The clips inspired people to create the hashtag #MakeTrumpBrannigan, a play on Trump s campaign slogan.Brannigan is the character everyone loves to hate. Brannigan is an astonishingly inept military captain whose primary directive seems to be to spread misogyny across the universe. You don t have to be a fan of the show to enjoy West s recitations of some of Trump s most infamous quotes. Such as this one from 2012, where he tweeted that,  the concept of global warming was invented by the Chinese. ZAPP presents  Famous Trump Quotations! pic.twitter.com/jGzmsKM9cF  Billy West (@TheBillyWest) August 10, 2016Brannigan s voice is as sleazy is just about as sleazy as a voice can be. This clip of the character is reading a quote from an interview in Forbes in 2014, where Trump said,  It s not a wig, it s my hair. Do you want to touch it?  is almost too much to handle.ZAPP presents   Famous Trump Quotes! #WednesdayWisdom #ManWithAPlan pic.twitter.com/dpKJOVkTmA  Billy West (@TheBillyWest) August 10, 2016Then again, hearing Trump defend the size of his hands as well as  various parts  of his  body  as he did both in an interview in 2006, and during a live Republican primary presidential primary debate has to be the best of the worst quotes recited by West.ZAPP presents Famous Trump Quotations! pic.twitter.com/cFq1rQ4veY  Billy West (@TheBillyWest) August 11, 2016Featured image from Fox",News,"August 13, 2016",0
 BUSTED: Declassified Memo Shows Rumsfeld’s Lies About WMDs Were Worse Than We Thought,"By now, we re all fairly certain that we ve seen enough evidence to in the very least convict the major players of the Dubya administration of lying to the American people about Saddam Hussein s Iraq. There were no weapons of mass destruction; of that we are sure.We re sure, the people who went looking are sure, even the CIA is sure. The only people who aren t sure are the top ranking members of the Bush administration; George Bush, Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld. While they seem to admit that they were wrong about WMDs in Iraq, they refuse to admit they made a mistake invading Iraq over the issue because it was the  best information  they had at the time.A newly declassified document is shedding some light on those claims. In a memo written by Donald Rumsfeld himself to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the former Secretary of Defense wrote,  Please take a look at this material as to what we don t know about WMD. It is big. The memo wasn t about what we knew about the alleged Iraqi weapons programs, but rather what we didn t know. As it turns out, we didn t know diddly squat. The report stated:Basically, just before the Bush administration made their case for war, they knew very little about what was actually going on. That translated to the doom and gloom reporting to the American people by their leaders that a maniac had most definitely acquired nuclear, chemical and/or biological weapons that could be used against the US or its interests.While an article in Politico points out that Rumsfeld was under no legal obligation to disclose the classified memo or its contents, it is only fair to note that he and his bosses opted instead to send Colin Powell to the UN for the infamous speech full of lies that gained the support of the United Kingdom and a coalition of nations.The memo proves that we were going to war no matter what. They weren t fed bad information. They didn t push America off that cliff and into another ground war because they thought they knew what Iraq was hiding. They jumped off because they knew exactly what they didn t know, and even that pointed to a country far less dangerous than the one they sold the American people.Featured image via Wikipedia",News,"January 26, 2016",0
 Obama Can’t Stop Winning As New Jobs Report Shows U.S. Economy Still Kicking Ass,"Today, I would hate to be a Republican strategist. Why? Because with the election only 10 months away, I have to tell my candidate that the economy is still growing robustly and shows no signs of weakness. If anything, it still has room for explosive growth even after adding another 292,000 jobs in December:The jobless rate, which has declined since topping the 10 percent mark in October 2009, is now hovering just above what economists consider full employment   the point where further declines could start to push up inflation.The average monthly gain in jobs last year were closer to the 2013 average of 199,000 a month, but short of the 260,000 figure reached in 2014. The remarkable thing is how consistent employment growth has been over the past three or four years,  said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody s Analytics.  We re getting at least 200,000 jobs per month on a consistent basis. That s quite an achievement. The only downside to this report is that there was no growth to average hourly wages. That s been the  slow  part of this slow recovery. On the plus side, once we reach the  full  employment mentioned above, wages will grow and grow rapidly. Companies will be competing for employees and the way to do that is by offering higher pay. This, by the way, is one of the reasons Corporate America has not been all that gung-ho about heating up the economy. High unemployment means low wages, the second favorite phrase next to  Golden Parachute  for CEOs.But, once wages start going up, people will have more money to spend and that increases demand. Increased demand, of course, requires more people to fill that demand and that means more jobs which means more people have money to spend and so the cycle goes. Slowing or reversing this cycle was the express purpose of the Republican s austerity mania in which they insisted pulling money out of the economy would  help  it. A crippled economy is good for Republican political ambitions.Fortunately, Obama fended off most of their bullshit cuts and instead implemented policies to avoid inflating the economy on a fragile bubble. It may have been slow but the Obama Recovery is incredibly stable (did you even know the rest of the world s economy is a mess?) and so far resistant to shocks. If we keep up this pace, Obama will be handing his (Democratic) successor a solid foundation from which to build a bridge to the future.Maybe they can find jobs for all the Republicans that will be out of work come election day?Featured image via Black Water Dog/Pete Souza",News,"January 8, 2016",0
U.S. Army Sergeant Bergdahl could face life sentence for endangering troops,"FORT BRAGG, N.C. (Reuters) - U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl pleaded guilty on Monday to deserting his duties in Afghanistan in June 2009 and endangering the lives of fellow troops, a step toward resolving the politically charged case that could send him to prison for life. The 31-year-old Idaho native told a judge in Fort Bragg, North Carolina, that he walked off his combat outpost in Paktika province and headed to a nearby base to report  critical problems  in his chain of command. But he got lost after 20 minutes, was captured by the Taliban several hours later and spent the next five years suffering torture, abuse and neglect in captivity. The dangerous search for him that ensued - and the Taliban prisoner swap that won his release in 2014 - drew wide derision from soldiers and Republicans. During last year s presidential campaign, Republican Donald Trump called Bergdahl  a no-good traitor.  In court on Monday, Bergdahl admitted wrongdoing but said he never intended to put anyone at risk.  I didn t think there d be any reason to pull off a crucial mission to look for one guy,  he said, adding that his actions were  very inexcusable.  Bergdahl pleaded guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, with the latter offense carrying a possible life sentence. His decision to enter a  naked plea  - meaning he had not reached an agreement about the sentencing terms with prosecutors - came as a surprise to some military law experts.  The sentencing proceedings will begin on Oct. 23. Experts said the defense was betting on getting a better deal from Army Judge Colonel Jeffery Nance than it would have from a jury panel of officers. Two law professors said they expect Bergdahl will receive a dishonorable discharge at a minimum.  I think Colonel Nance will realize that the men who put their lives on the line looking for him are entitled to see a level of punishment that is appropriate for his misconduct,  said Geoffrey Corn, a professor at South Texas College of Law Houston and retired Army lieutenant colonel. Army prosecutors will present evidence at sentencing of soldiers who were injured in the search for Bergdahl. The judge can consider Bergdahl s time in captivity, but Jeffrey Addicott, a retired lieutenant colonel in the Army, doubts it will help the soldier much.  He knew what the Taliban was, and he inflicted that on himself,  said Addicott, now a law professor at St. Mary s University in San Antonio, Texas. Bergdahl, who remains on active duty in a clerical job at a base in San Antonio, on Monday said he had tried to escape his captors up to 15 times.  The first attempt came on the day he was caught, Bergdahl said. Blindfolded, with a blanket over his head and his hands chained behind his back, he decided to run from the village where he had been taken. But he quickly was tackled, he said, and taken to another location. ",worldnews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
WHY AG LYNCH Should Recuse Herself From Clinton E-mail Probe ASAP! [Video],INFLUENCE PEDDLING is what the Clintons do and this time it could (hopefully) have consequences. ,Government News,"Jun 30, 2016",0
Kremlin says to host Syria summit with officials from Iran and Turkey,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday Russia would host a Syria summit on Nov. 22 involving officials from Iran and Turkey. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said reporters on a conference call the summit would be held in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi.  ... We are talking about the countries that are the guarantors of the Syrian peace process, the agenda is Syria,  said Peskov. ",worldnews,"November 16, 2017 ",1
LIBERAL HEADS EXPLODE! Trump Donates First Paycheck…Sends a HUGE Message to Cultural Marxists,"President Trump just made liberal heads explode! The liberal mantra has been to destroy anything to do with the Civil War. Civil War statues were recently removed from the city of New Orleans and the Gettysburg Battlefield was the scene of a protest just last week .So here s where our awesome President just donated his first months salary:President Trump just donated the first few months of his White House salary to Antietam National Battlefield, the national park in Maryland that preserves the hallowed ground of the bloodiest day of the Civil War, the government said Wednesday.Mr. Trump s first quarter salary of $78,333 was matched by an anonymous donor who gave another $22,000, bringing the gift to $100,000. AWESOME! The donation will restore an historic house on the battlefield, and will help replace fencing. As both the Secretary of the Interior and a military veteran, I m deeply honored and humbled to deliver the donation to Antietam National Battlefield on behalf of President Trump,  Mr. Zinke said.  The president s donation will allow generations of Americans to learn about our history and heritage on this sacred site. Mr. Trump promised to forgo his salary as president, saying he would instead donate it to the federal government. Wednesday s announcement marks the first installment of those donations.NEW ORLEANS   CLEANSING THE CITY OF HISTORY BY REMOVING STATUES: IDIOTIC!HOW GREAT IS OUR PRESIDENT? HE GETS IT!VIA: WT",left-news,"Jul 5, 2017",0
"Replacing, repealing Obamacare at same time 'ideal': top Trump aide","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Repealing and replacing the U.S. Affordable Care Act in one action would be “ideal,” but it “may take time” to get all elements of the heath care law’s alternative ready, President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming chief of staff said on Sunday. A full repeal and replacing of Obamacare may not happen immediately but it will happen “as quickly as possible,”     Reince Priebus said on the CBS program “Face the Nation.” ",politicsNews,"January 8, 2017 ",1
WATCH: Shocking Number Of Swedish Citizens WALK BY GIRL BEING RAPED By “Middle Eastern Man” In Car [VIDEO],"During the Democrats  first debate last month, Bernie Sanders said  we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway, and learn from what they have accomplished for their working people.  Denmark s Prime Minister came out swinging, demanding that Sanders get his facts straight,  Denmark is not a socialist nation, it has a  market economy.  Democrats have been working for decades to adopt the progressive policies based on political correctness that permeates most European nations.Sweden, the  Rape Capitol  of the world, is a perfect example of how well their politically correct, open-border policies have worked out for them. As the Muslim invasion of these European nations escalates, we are seeing this indifferent attitude of  live and let live  that only benefits those Muslim invaders who have no intention of assimilating in their host nations. This video shows how a nation gripped with fear reacts with apathy towards the criminal as opposed to taking action to save the supposed victim. It illustrates how easily a group of invaders can overtake a nation conditioned to accepting everyone, so as not to offend anyone. Sadly, we live in a country which has the highest rate of reported cases of rape. And this land is called Sweden. Rape is a very serious crime which not only affects our country, but the rest of the world. So in our new social experiment, we put Swedish citizens up for a test.   This video is a great example of what happens to a nation who puts political correctness before the safety and security of its citizens: A poor girl can be heard screaming for help from the backseat of a car. There is no question she is being sexually assaulted, yet one after another, Swedish citizens continue to walk by pretending not to hear.At one point in the video, the  rapist  a brave passerby took action to stop him. Sadly, most of the other apathetic citizens were satisfied to look the other way, so as not to get involved. The biggest sin of the humankind is indifference. ",politics,"Feb 25, 2016",0
U.S. experts think North Korea could launch missile 'within days': government sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. government experts think North Korea could conduct a new missile test within days, in what would be its first launch since it fired a missile over Japan in mid-September, two  authoritative U.S. government sources said on Tuesday. One of the sources, who did not want to be identified, said the United States had evidence that Japanese reports about the monitoring of signals suggesting North Korea was preparing a new missile test were accurate.  Both sources said U.S. government experts believed a new test could occur  within days.  A Japanese government source said earlier on Tuesday that Japan had detected radio signals suggesting North Korea may be preparing another ballistic missile launch, although such signals were not unusual and satellite images did not show fresh activity. South Korea s Yonhap news agency, citing a South Korean government source, also reported that intelligence officials of the United States, South Korea and Japan had recently detected signs of a possible missile launch and have been on higher alert. The U.S. officials who spoke to Reuters declined to say what type of missile they think North Korea might test, but noted that Pyongyang had been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States and had already tested inter-continental ballistic missiles. Other U.S. intelligence officials have noted that North Korea has previously sent deliberately misleading signs of preparations for missile and nuclear tests. These have been in part to mask real preparations, and in part to test U.S. and allied intelligence on its activities. After firing missiles at a rate of about two or three a month since April, North Korea paused its missile launches in late September, after it fired a missile that passed over Japan s northern Hokkaido island on Sept. 15. Last week, North Korea denounced U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to relist it as a state sponsor of terrorism, calling it a  serious provocation and violent infringement.  The designation allows the United States to impose more sanctions, though some experts said it risked inflaming tensions. Trump has traded insults and threats with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and warned in his maiden speech to the United Nations in September that the United States would have no choice but to  totally destroy  North Korea if forced to defend itself or its allies. Washington has said repeatedly that all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea, including military ones, but that it prefers a peaceful solution by Pyongyang agreeing to give up its nuclear and missile programs. To this end, Trump has pursued a policy of encouraging countries around the world, including North Korea s main ally and neighbor, China, to step up sanctions on Pyongyang to persuade it to give up its weapons programs.  North Korea has given no indication it is willing to re-enter dialogue on those terms. South Korean Unification Minister Chow Myoung-gyon told reporters on Tuesday there had been  noteworthy  movements from the North since its last missile launch, including engine tests, but there was no hard evidence of another nuclear or missile test.  North Korea hasn t been engaging in new nuclear or missile tests but recently we ve seen them persistently testing engines and carrying out fuel tests,  he said.  But we need some more time to see whether these are directly related to missile and nuclear tests.  Cho said North Korea may announce the completion of its nuclear program within a year, as it is moving more quickly than expected in developing its arsenal. North Korea defends its weapons programs as a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. ",worldnews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
MAN ROBS TAXPAYERS OF $1.4 Million In Food Stamp Scam…Using Fish!,"Feldman operates Upstate Fish, a market at 826 Joseph Ave. His father, Jack, a Holocaust survivor, opened the store under the name Jack s Modern Fish Market in 1954 and is a well-known figure in the community. A year ago, the elder Feldman was among a number of Holocaust survivors who had Hanukkah dinner with the Obamas and the president of Israel at the White House.Irving Feldman was accused of two different schemes, one netting more than $1.2 million and the other more than $200,000.The more lucrative scheme involved unlawfully buying $1,227,063 worth of food stamps from willing recipients for less than half their face value, according to the news release. The recipients received cash, and Feldman was able to reap a considerable profit by redeeming the food stamps with the federal government for their full value. This fish market owner was caught running a food stamp fraud scheme that was truly breathtaking in scale,  state Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott said.Feldman also admitted to a second scheme in which he induced food stamp recipients to use their benefit cards to buy fish from other retail markets, then sell the fish to him at steeply discounted prices. The recipients pocketed cash, and Feldman got inventory he could sell at full value.The value of that scheme was about $202,000, the official statement said.Read more: DandC",Government News,"Dec 18, 2016",0
BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN Reveals The Shocking Truth About His Rock Anthem “Born In The USA”,"The truth about Springsteen is so disappointing (see below) but this one takes the cake!Bruce Springsteen has been a sellout all these years. He s not the person he portrayed himself to be to the American people.He just revealed he nearly gave up  one of his most iconic anthems Born In The USA, admitting he believed it was too insincere and  glib . He said he doesn t  feel comfortable  singing the song. It s almost like he s apologizing for appearing to be patriotic. Are you thinking what we re thinking? He sang that song so many times but never felt ok singing it? That s the difference between Springsteen and someone like Lee Greenwood. Lee Greenwood has always been a passionate and fearless supporter of America and the American way. Springsteen is just a phony Speaking at a Q&A session with Tom Hanks at the Tribeca Film Festival, the 67-year-old rocker opened up to the Oscar-winning actor, insisting that it was E Street Band guitarist Stevie Van Zandt who convinced him to keep the 1984 hit.Springsteen s memorable tune was written in part tribute to friends who had served in the American Army during the Vietnam War and the ironic treatment of the veterans upon their return home. He divulged:  Stevie [Van Zandt, longtime guitarist in the E Street Band] convinced me to keep that song. I remember at the time thinking it s too glib. It s too glib. I think I still think that. But Stevie said,  No, no, no   it s about the band, the brotherhood of the band, the fans. The New Jersey native   who has been married to Patti Scialfa since 1991   added that he gave his musical peer the  benefit of the doubt  but still doesn t feel quite comfortable with the song.Adding:  I gave him the benefit of the doubt. We ve played it an awful lot ever since. But I was always a little frightened of it. And the whole record I always have mixed feelings about.  Despite his feelings, the epochal song has received much praise throughout the years and was ranked 275th on Rolling Stone s list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time as well as placed on RIAA s Songs of the Century.The fan favorite and title track of his 1984 album of the same name inspired famed photographer Annie Leibovitz s iconic photo of Springsteen s backside against the backdrop of an American flag for the record cover. Commenting on the concept in 1984, the Medal of Freedom recipient told Rolling Stone:  We had the flag on the cover because the first song was called  Born in the U.S.A. , and the theme of the record kind of follows from the themes I ve been writing about for at least the last six or seven years.Read more: Daily MailSPRINGSTEEN JUST RELEASED A SONG THAT BASHES PRESIDENT TRUMP Bruce Springsteen aka  The Boss  is showing all of his fans just how out of touch he is with his latest song. He s been a fervent anti-Trump guy and has been very outspoken against President Donald Trump. His new protest song refers to Trump as a  con man . What a way to disrespect the leader of our nation! has Bruce Springsteen employed thousands of Americans? It s interesting that Trump just delivered one of the best ever speeches to the builders union. Please watch the video provided below of what a real working man does for his crew. It s an awesome speech that totally discounts everything Springsteen is trying to say to bash Trump. Shame on him!The 67-year-old rocker released his and Joe Grushecky s anti-Trump song, called  That s What Makes Us Great,  and it is a direct comment on the president and his administration, according to Pitchfork.Springsteen s part of the song goes as follows: Don t tell me a lieAnd sell it as a factI ve been down that road beforeAnd I ain t going back.And don t you brag to meThat you never read a bookI never put my faithIn a con man and his crooks.  During an interview with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Gushecky talked about writing the song in January after Trump was sworn-in as president I had this song, and Bruce and I had been talking,  Grushecky said.  I sent it to him and he liked it. I said,  What do you think about singing on it?  He gave it the Bruce treatment. In February, Springsteen said he was an  embarrassed  American during a concert in Australia. On the same tour he attacked Trump s first travel ban as  un-American. Tonight we want to add our voice to the thousands of Americans who are protesting at airports around our country the Muslim ban and the detention of foreign nationals and refugees,  Springsteen told the crowd.  America is a nation of immigrants. This is fundamentally un-American. What a bunch of bull! Springsteen has lost his roots and his sense of the working man. If he cared to know anything about President Trump then he would know Trump s bringing back American jobs. He s working hard to get the steel industry up and running again. He just held a  Buy American, Hire American  event promoting keeping jobs in America. What s better than a president who s a builder speaking to builders and construction workers. In President Trump s speech he calls out people by name pretty great! He knows business and building. We re in good hands America! The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It s come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see.. Oh, you will see    President Trump",politics,"Apr 30, 2017",0
"Spain reluctantly forced to act in Catalan vote, official says","BARCELONA (Reuters) - The Spanish government was reluctantly forced to send in national police to stop a referendum on Catalan independence that had descended into farce, the top Spanish official in the northeastern region said on Sunday. The aim of the National Police and Civil Guard police who descended on polling stations in Catalonia was to seize election materials and they were not targeting people wanting to vote, Enric Millo, the Madrid government s representative in Catalonia, told a news conference.  We have been made to do something we didn t want to do,  he said. Referring to the Catalan government s announcement on Sunday that people would be allowed to vote at any polling station they found open in the region, Millo said:  It s all a sham, a farce. It is the first time in history that the rules of the game are changed 45 minutes before the start of voting.  ",worldnews,"October 1, 2017 ",1
Congress should weigh U.S. regulation of gun 'bump stocks': Republican Senator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congress should consider legislation that would regulate “bump stocks,” the attachments that allowed the Las Vegas gunman to fire his semi-automatic rifles more rapidly, U.S. Senator John Cornyn said on Wednesday. Cornyn, the second-ranking Senate Republican, told reporters that if the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) does not have the authority to regulate bump stocks,  “maybe that’s something we ought to consider giving them.” Cornyn, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said he was urging panel Chairman Charles Grassley to call a hearing on bump stocks. “I’d like to hear from the ATF who previously during the Obama administration said they didn’t feel like they had the authority to regulate those. I’m not sure I agree with that,” the Texas senator said. On Oct. 1, a gunman in Las Vegas opened fire at an outdoor music festival killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others before killing himself, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.  The attachments are legal and allow semiautomatic rifles to operate as if they were fully automatic machine guns, which are heavily restricted in the United States. Slide Fire Solutions, the maker of bump stocks, has announced that it is restarting sales of the product after a pause following the Las Vegas shooting. ",politicsNews,"November 1, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: President Obama Urges Americans To Reject Trump’s Bigotry And Hate,"In the aftermath of Great Britain voting to leave the European Union, President Obama urged Americans to reject xenophobia by voting against Trump and his bigotry in November.President Obama made the remarks during a fundraising speech in support of Washington Governor Jay Inslee on Friday.Driven by fear and xenophobia, 52 percent of voters in the United Kingdom opted to leave the European Union, which had serious repercussions on world markets as Donald Trump and other Republicans cheered the decision.President Obama had hoped the people of Great Britain would reject fear and hate but that didn t happen, which is why his hopes now rest with the American people to do in November what the UK did not. That s the choice you face this November,  President Obama said. Between dividing ourselves up, looking for scapegoats, ignoring the evidence, or realizing that we are all stronger together. If we turn against each other, whether it s divisions of race or religion, we re not going to build on the progress we ve started. If we get cynical and just vote our fears or we don t vote at all, we won t build on the progress we ve started. America has been a story of progress but has not gone in a straight line. There have been times when we ve gone forward and there have been times when we ve gone backwards. And what s made the difference each and every time is citizens voting, and caring, and committing to our better selves. In other words, voting matters and it s never been more important to exercise our right to vote than it will be this November.President Obama capped off his speech by slamming the bigoted, divisive, and hateful values of Donald Trump and urged Americans to reject those values for the sake of our children and the future of our country. Coming together around our common values and our faith in hard work and our faith in each other and the belief in opportunity for everybody and assuming the best in each other and not the worst. Because whatever our differences we all love this country and we all care fiercely about our children s futures. And we don t have time for charlatans and we don t have time for hatred and we don t have time for bigotry and we don t have time for film-flam and we don t have the luxury of just popping off and saying just whatever comes to the top of our heads. Don t have time for that. Here s the video via MSNBC.The people of Great Britain made a terrible mistake by voting to exit the European Union. They let fear dictate their decisions and that is incredibly disappointing. America must once again lead by example and reject the fear and xenophobia that is tightening its grip on Europe. We need to be better. The stakes are too high to sit at home on Election Day. We must not give in to the blind fear and hate that Republicans are hoping will give them complete control over the nation. If we do, all the progress we have made over the last century will have been for nothing and the people who want to watch the world burn will achieve their goals.Featured image via screen capture",News,"June 25, 2016",0
U.S. follows Mexico in backing disputed Honduran vote result,"WASHINGTON/TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday followed Mexico in signaling that Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month, lending weight to his legitimacy in spite of ongoing opposition protests. The Honduran electoral tribunal at the weekend declared U.S. ally Hernandez the winner of the Nov. 26 election in spite of widespread misgivings about the count, which turned in favor of the incumbent after suddenly halting with the opposition ahead. Violent protests have broken out in Honduras over the vote, and the Organization of American States (OAS) urged the country to hold new elections to resolve the dispute. That proposal has, however, been rejected by senior Honduran officials. Hernandez s rival Salvador Nasralla traveled to Washington this week to urge the United States not to recognize the vote, but a senior U.S. State Department official said that his government had no evidence that would alter the results.  At this point ... we have not seen anything that alters the final result,  the official told reporters, saying Washington may wait to make a definitive judgment in case the opposition presents additional evidence of fraud in the election. Mexico on Tuesday congratulated Hernandez for being declared victor. Mexico s step, which followed the recognition of Hernandez by Colombia and Guatemala, strengthened the incumbent s hand and could tilt other countries in his favor.  The Mexican statement, and its review, indicates that a call for a new election is a pretty dramatic outcome in this case,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Washington may hold off on making a final judgment until the end of a five-day period when the opposition can produce further evidence to contest the results, the official added. He said a U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state met with Nasralla, who has accused Hernandez of stealing the election.  He did not have any new (allegations of) fraud (or) evidence to present to us, and I think we are going to work through this quickly to get to a definitive U.S. statement, he added.  The Mexican statement is going to have a strong influence on whether we think we can move forward sooner. The Mexicans seem pretty certain in their statement.  Hernandez on Wednesday named a new head of the armed forces, Rene Orlando Ponce, who quickly indicated on local radio that solving the impasse would be for Honduras alone.  We re not going to accept any interference beyond Honduran law,  he said. ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
House Republicans to meet with Trump on Thursday: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Republican leaders and members of the Ways and Means Committee will meet with U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday at the White House, a Republican aide said. The meeting will take place at around 1:30 p.m. (1730 GMT), the aide told Reuters on Wednesday. Congressional Republicans are expected to unveil tax reform legislation this week. ",politicsNews,"November 1, 2017 ",1
 Ted Cruz: ‘We Are One Justice Away’ From Stopping Every GOP Assault On Human Rights (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz summed up the significance of Justice Antonin Scalia s passing  quite nicely in the early parts of Saturday s GOP debate: the appointment of a liberal justice would completely destroy every Republican agenda for the foreseeable future. We are one Justice away from a Supreme Court that will strike down every restriction on abortion adopted by the states. We are one Justice away from a supreme Court that will reverse the Heller decision, one of Justice Scalia s seminal decisions that upheld the Second Amendment to keep and bear arms. We are one Justice away from a Supreme Court that would undermine the religious liberty of millions of Americans, and the stakes of this election for this year, for the Senate, the Senate needs to stand strong and say  we re not going to give up the U.S. Supreme Court for a generation by allowing Barack Obama to make one more liberal appointee. Yes, a more liberal Justice would reverse the 2008 Heller decision, which for the first time in our nation s history affirmed the right of men like George Zimmerman, the Bundy  militia,  and other violent people to own firearms. A more liberal Justice would definitely  undermine  what conservatives call  religious liberty  these days   the  right  to deny service based on sexual orientation, the right to discriminate in the name of God.Cruz is right: Scalia s death emphasizes the importance of the upcoming election. The next President will appoint at LEAST two Supreme Court Justices   three, if conservatives have their way.Watch Cruz s remarks below:Featured image via screengrab",News,"February 13, 2016",0
 Terry Schiavo’s Husband Is LIVID That Jeb Bush’s Super PAC Used Her Image In This Ad (VIDEO),"The lowest point in Jeb Bush s political career has to be the heartbreaking case of Terry Schiavo. Terry was pronounced brain-dead in 1990 after her husband Michael found her unconscious in their Florida home. Terry s parents, holding on for hope, refused to allow her to be removed from life support.A long and grueling legal battle ensued, with the courts eventually siding with Michael, on advice from doctors who confirmed that Terry was, in all sentient manner, gone and not coming back. It was time to let Terry go.In stepped Jeb Bush, then governor of Florida, and his  all life is sacred  political crusade to  save  a woman who had been gone for 15 years and was only alive through autonomic function and a breathing tube. Jeb took the case back to court, had legislation passed and even signed an executive order to keep Terry Schiavo s body functioning, denying her husband the closure he so desperately deserved.In the end, Terry was finally allowed to rest, despite the best efforts of  pro-life  Jeb Bush and the conservative right, who believe all life is sacred, except for the 21 people executed in Florida s death chamber under his watch.Now, 26 years after Michael Schiavo lived what would be anyone s worst nightmare, Jeb Bush s Right to Rise Super PAC is releasing a new campaign ad that spotlight s the tragedy of Terry Schiavo by using her image as they talk about  protecting life. Michael  is not happy. In an interview with Politico, Schiavo said that he found the ad  disgusting,  adding that it  sounds like a last-ditch effort to get the right-wing constituents.  How right he is. Bush, long considered the favorite to win the GOP nomination, has faltered in the polls, especially with the conservative base who favor lunatic Ted Cruz and sociopath Donald Trump. Jeb Bush s political aspirations, however, don t make using a family s tragedy OK.Schiavo added: Using his disgraceful intervention in our family s private trauma to advance his political career shows that he has learned nothing. He s proud of the fact that he used the machinery of government to keep a person alive through extraordinary artificial means   contrary to the orders of the court that were based on the court s determination, made over six years of litigation, that doing so would be against her wishes. What the campaign video shows is that if he ever got his hands on the power of government again, he would do the same thing again, maybe next time to your family. Extremely wise words from a man who has seen first hand what a Jeb Bush can do if given any kind of power.Watch the despicable ad below:Featured image by Gage Skidmore",News,"January 27, 2016",0
 Republicans Begin Requiring Doctors Lie To Patients About Existence Of ‘Abortion Reversal’ Pill,"Part of the Hippocratic Oath that every doctor must take requires them to vow to  reject harm and mischief.  Put another way: A doctor should never allow harmful or unscientific nonsense to get in the way of treating their patients with the best possible medical procedures. Put an even simpler way: Republicans should stay out of the hospital room.In South Dakota, Republicans are forcing through legislation that would require doctors to directly lie to their patients in order to give them second thoughts about having an abortion. Two other states, Arizona and Arkansas, already have this law in place. It s the newest trend in anti-abortion measures, instead of targeting the women (which hasn t worked), they ll just require doctors to push anti-abortion myths or face losing their jobs.Specifically, the new law, signed by Republican Governor Dennis Daugaard, will tell doctors that they must inform their patients that they can get an  abortion reversal  pill that will stop abortions in progress and allow them to keep a viable fetus. As Judith Graham at medical blog Stat News notes, the magic pill is psuedoscientific nonsense.An antiabortion group is promoting model legislation to inform women they can  reverse  medication abortions.Yet that claim has no solid science behind it  just an anecdotal case report written by a physician who invented a protocol and arranged to have it tested on a half-dozen patients who regretted swallowing the abortion pill.To put it mildly, the medical community is not cool with being told to lie to their patients about untested medical procedures which may, in fact, harm them. As physicians, we can t just experiment on patients willy-nilly,  said Dr. Daniel Grossman, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of California, San Francisco. Doctors offering to undo medical abortions are  essentially testing an unproven, experimental protocol on pregnant women,  he said.If requiring doctors to use untested drugs on their patients in order to lie to them about having an abortion isn t doing  harm and mischief , then what is?It s also attempting to fix a problem that doesn t exist. Despite what anti-abortion activists emphatically insist, the research shows conclusively that virtually no woman who has an abortion regrets it. When a University of California San Francisco School of Medicine study asked over 600 women at facilities across the country how they felt about their decision to have an abortion, more than 95 percent said they felt it was the right thing to do. Women overwhelmingly felt abortion was the right decision in both the short-term and over three years, and the intensity of emotions and frequency of thinking about the abortion declined over time,  the study concluded.It seems that women, far from being doe-eyed  victims  of sinister Planned Parenthood clinics preying on them, actually know what they are doing and do what is right for them, their bodies, and their families. Go figure.None of this seems to matter to South Dakota Republicans, who have long retreated into superstitious dogma and seem only dimly aware that the scientific community thinks they are ridiculous. Instead of reassessing their beliefs, they are telling doctors to help them promote their misconceptions or else face their wrath. Galileo is probably nodding his head in recognition. An age old problem with a modern-day spin.Featured image via Flickr",News,"April 24, 2016",0
 Another One Bites The Dust: GOP Candidate Hangs Up Presidential Run (VIDEO),"Another Republican has dropped out of the race. This time, it s  Kentucky Senator Rand Paul. In a released statement, Paul said: It s been an incredible honor to run a principled campaign for the White House. Today, I will end where I began, ready and willing to fight for the cause of Liberty. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08M7ASDe7F8]The self -described libertarian-ish  Paul touted himself as an alternative to establishment Republicans, marketing himself as a grassroots guy.However, Paul finished 5th place in the Iowa caucuses and and although he was one of the first to announce his candidacy, his campaign never gained any traction. Since the beginning of his candidacy, polls consistently showed Paul in the back of the pack. Paul always failed to break away from Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, and even the lowly Jeb Bush.Paul struggled to raise money from both large and small donors, resulting in a cash strapped campaign that was never able to spend and then replenish through donors, whether big or small. His ideas of a non-interventionist and non-violent approach in U.S. foreign policy apparently didn t sit well with Republicans. Ted Cruz, the guy who plans on killing lots of folks, especially in the Middle East, is the current front runner for the Republican nomination.Featured Image Via Wikimedia Commons",News,"February 3, 2016",0
White House close to naming nominees for U.S. SEC: senior official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is very close to naming its nominees for the top U.S. securities regulator, a senior official said on Friday, which could lead the current three-member Securities and Exchange Commission to reach its full five-member complement in the near future. The official said there are currently nominees in the “pipeline” and undergoing the security clearance review that typically takes two months. The senior White House official spoke on condition of anonymity. ",politicsNews,"June 23, 2017 ",1
 Conservative Terrorist Given INSANELY Light Sentence For Threat To Kill ‘Usurper’ Obama,"Last year, a Wisconsin man was busted for threats he made against President Obama s life. This wasn t just an instance of someone who has been brainwashed spouting off about lynching ( hanging for Treason ) the President. Brian Dennis Dutcher actually intended to kill the President, even if he had to use a slingshot. During a July 15 visit to Wisconsin, a threat lurked in the shadows. The usurper is here and if I get a chance I ll take him out and I ll take the shot,  Dutcher told a security guard at a La Crosse library as he prepared his attack against the President   something conservative media had convinced Dutcher was his Constitutional duty. Sure, he may have just been making small talk   Nice weather today. I m going to kill the President.   but Dutcher s Facebook posts leading up to the vocalization of his plot reveal that this is something he had been openly planning. I have been praying on going to D.C. for 3 months and now the upsurper is coming HERE. saving me a 800 mile trip,  wrote in a June 30 Facebook post.  Doing what I do for my daughter, so she can live free. pray for me to succeed in my mission.  Dutcher explained to his friends and family that it is his  CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY TO TAKE ACTION  because  the gov has declaired war on us. Another post, which Dutcher had deleted explained his plan in more detail: that s it! Thursday I will be in La Crosse. Hopefully I will get a clear shot at the pretend president. Killing him is our CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY! Numerous other posts complained that Secret Service was stopping people like him from taking the shot. Dutcher even told a detective in no uncertain terms that his threat was serious and   he would not have said what he said if he didn t intend to carry it out.  In fact, he told Secret Service his intent was to  circumvent security and figure out how to shoot (Obama) with a slingshot.  Dutcher, referencing the Biblical story of David and Goliath, told law enforcement that he could easily kill a human Bart Simpson style.Each of the many times he threatened the President could have landed him in prison for up to five years and cost him $250,000. Despite the very real nature of his promise to murder President Obama, the would-be assassin was only sentenced to three years in prison and three years of supervised release.This is exactly why conservatives feel it is acceptable to threaten the President. No matter how clear their intentions, no matter how many times they explain the ways they will  exucute  (to use Dutcher s word) Barack Obama, they receive the equivalent of a slap on the wrist.Dutcher will likely be seen as a martyr to the Revolution by our frenemies on the Right, but the truth is that he is a symptom of a cancer in society that we must cut out before it is too late.Featured image via Addicting Info archives",News,"March 26, 2016",0
WOW! TUCKER CARLSON TAKES ON OBAMACARE ARCHITECT Who Thinks “Americans just don’t understand what it’s done for them” [Video], ,Government News,"Jan 26, 2017",0
"Episode #205 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Dirty Vegas’ with Jay Dyer, Hesher & Shawn Helton","IMAGE: Real-life battlefield shooting range in Las Vegas (see video).Episode #205 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Oct 8th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from the US as guest hosts Jay Dyer and ACR s Hesher are joined by special guest Shawn Helton, and other special guests Basil Valentine, ACR s Funk Soul, and a report by Patrick Henningsen from the 2040 Transhumanist Agenda conference in London. will be delivering a powerful (and highly controversial) show this week   covering the biggest stories internationally including the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas. The team will do into a deep investigative analysis and summary of the forensic case thus far, including expert ballistic analysis of the official story, in what is said to be America s biggest ever mass shooting. Enjoy the show   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #205Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",Middle-east,"October 8, 2017",0
"WOW! BERNIE SANDERS Goes Full Commie: Calls for social, economic, environmental…JUSTICE [Video]","Bernie Sanders is such a commie and shows it in this clip from the Rachel Maddow show He s a loony tune ""You gotta fight back as people have throughout the history of this country."" -Sen. Sanders to American progressives https://t.co/XWvr3iazxJ  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) January 4, 2017 Senator Sanders talks Democratic strategy for standing up to the Trump agenda https://t.co/dIj4e4tVkB  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) January 4, 2017",politics,"Jan 4, 2017",0
 WATCH: Fox Host Chris Wallace Scolds Fox & Friends For Saying Russia Investigation Is Over,"Donald Trump s favorite morning propaganda program on Fox News just got their asses handed to them for counting their chickens before they ve hatched.Ever since former FBI Director James Comey confirmed that Trump is not personally under investigation for collusion with Russia, Fox News has been proclaiming victory and declaring that Trump has been vindicated.Specifically, they have been calling the Russia investigation a  nothingburger. On the Sunday morning edition of Fox & Friends, hosts Clayton Morris and Pete Hegseth celebrated because they think the investigation is over now, only to have their bubble burst by veteran journalist and Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace, who brutally reminded them that the investigation is nowhere near over because of a guy named Michael Flynn and another guy named Jeff Sessions.Morris claimed that the Russia story  imploded.  Wallace responded by pointing out that Attorney General Jeff Sessions is testifying to the Senate Intelligence Committee and may detail Trump s obstruction of justice. You know, because demanding the FBI Director drop an investigation and then firing him for refusing to do so is interference and is the definition of obstruction.That s when Pete Hegseth jumped in to try once again to assure viewers that the investigation against Trump is done while also insulting Comey and trying to turn the investigation on him instead. Little evidence has been shown that there s collusion with Russia,  Hegseth said  Now we know that Comey was a leaker, potentially multiple times. Can the investigation move in those directions instead of the Russia investigation, which is proven to be pretty much a nothingburger? Wallace quickly disappointed Hegseth with reality. I certainly wouldn t say it s a nothingburger,  Wallace said.  We have to see where it goes. Among other things, we still haven t heard from Michael Flynn. And he s one of the key figures in all of this. He was the one who had the most contacts Russia. He s the one who got paid by Russia. Here s the video via YouTube.Once again, Chris Wallace smacks down Fox & Friends for being Trump s personal propaganda machine. Wallace previously criticized the Fox & Friends crew in the aftermath of Trump firing Comey because they would not take the story seriously.Featured image via screenshot",News,"June 11, 2017",0
Texas moves toward post-Harvey recovery; gas prices slip,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Texas on Monday edged toward recovery from the devastation of Hurricane Harvey as shipping channels, oil pipelines and refineries restarted some operations and authorities lifted an evacuation order for the area around a once-burning chemical plant. Port operations across the U.S. Gulf Coast oil and gas hub were resuming, although many still had restrictions on vessel draft, according to U.S. Coast Guard updates. U.S. gasoline prices fell in expectation that the area can get back on its feet after Harvey cut a path of destruction across more than 300 miles (480 km). The storm’s record rains and flooding killed as many as 60 people, according to local officials, and displaced  more than 1 million. Benchmark U.S. gasoline futures fell by more than 3 percent on Monday. The Coast Guard allowed some barge traffic to enter Port Arthur, Texas, home of the country’s largest oil refinery, and is considering allowing ships to enter on Tuesday, a spokesman said. Flooding from Harvey caused fires at the Arkema SA chemical plant in Crosby, some 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Houston.  But on Monday, the company said the Crosby Fire Department had lifted a 1.5-mile (2.4-km) evacuation zone around the plant, allowing people to return to their homes. The lifting of the order may help residents like Paul Mincey, a 31-year-old tugboat engineer who has been kept out of the ranch home he shares with his girlfriend, return to normal. “It could be full of snakes for all we know. We have no idea what’s in there,” Mincey said from aboard a tugboat in the Houston Ship Channel, which he said was polluted by floating railroad ties, trees and trash strewn by the storm. Like others forced from the evacuation zone, Mincey said he was eager to assess water damage and begin repairs while hoping for financial aid to deal with property damage. (To view a graphic on Harvey's energy impact, click tmsnrt.rs/2xzso1S) As the recovery from Harvey picked up speed, Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello declared a state of emergency and activated the National Guard in preparation Irma, a dangerous Category 4 hurricane closing in on a string of Caribbean islands.  Irma could pummel the U.S. territory on Wednesday and it also poses a threat later in the week to the Dominican Republic, Cuba and Florida, which declared a state of emergency on Monday evening. The U.S. National Hurricane Center cautioned that it was too early to forecast the storm’s exact path or what effect it might have on the U.S. mainland. But some weather models show Irma entering the Gulf of Mexico, where Harvey dealt a major blow to the most important energy hub in the United States, taking up to one-fourth of the country’s oil refining capacity offline and driving up fuel prices. Colonial Pipeline Co on Monday said it restarted one of its fuel lines shut because of Hurricane Harvey, with another line scheduled to restart on Tuesday.  Colonial is the biggest U.S. fuel system, with pipelines that connect refineries along the U.S. Gulf Coast to markets in the Northeast, transporting more than 3 million barrels a day of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. With more pipelines coming on line, concerns about supply should ease. Most ports in Texas were open on Monday, some with restrictions on traffic and vessel size, said Colonel Lars Zetterstrom, head of the Army Corps of Engineers’ regional office in Galveston. (To view a graphic on storms in the North Atlantic, click tmsnrt.rs/2gcckz5) The question of how to pay for hurricane recovery was consuming Washington after Texas Governor Greg Abbott on Sunday increased his damage estimate to between $150 billion and $180 billion. Abbott on Monday requested seven additional Texas counties be added to the Federal Disaster Declaration previously granted by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). That would bring the total number of counties receiving assistance to 43.      Some 190,000 homes were damaged and another 13,500 destroyed, the Texas Department of Public Safety said. At least 33,000 people sought refuge in Texas shelters overnight, with another 1,300 doing so in Louisiana, the American Red Cross said. Republicans and Democrats returning to Washington after a month-long break will need to put differences aside in order to approve an aid package. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday challenged Congress to raise the government’s debt limit in order to free up relief spending. The U.S. House of Representatives will vote Wednesday on $7.85 billion in emergency relief funds for the FEMA and the Small Business Administration and plans another vote later this month on a separate $6.7 billion sought by President Donald Trump. In one indication of funding needs, the Texas Department of Public Safety on Monday estimated damage to public property at $382.3 million. (To view a graphic on Hurricane costs, click tmsnrt.rs/2vGkbHS) ",politicsNews,"September 4, 2017 ",1
 Trump Announces That Surrogates Won’t Appear On Networks That Don’t ‘Promote’ His Agenda,"CNN viewers will no longer be entertained by the car crash-caliber antics of Trump s trailer park propaganda minister Kellyanne Conway. Politico reports that the Trump White House will be freezing out news organizations that do not  promote  his hateful agenda   and The Donald s favorite  fake news  outlet is the first victim of this extremely questionable policy. We re sending surrogates to places where we think it makes sense to promote our agenda,  a White House official explained. A CNN reporter had a more honest explanation of what is going on: They re trying to cull CNN from the herd. White House Press Secretary, notorious liar and legendary moron Sean Spicer, claims that the network is not being frozen out because he sometimes answers the network s questions but he does not deny that administration officials are not appearing on CNN. I m not going to sit around and engage with people who have no desire to actually get something right,  he said ironically, apparently forgetting that he famously falsely claimed that Trump had the biggest inaugural crowd  ever. Just last month, Trump refused to take a question from CNN because he says they are  fake news. This move is unprecedented. While Presidents have feuded with news networks in the past   President Obama and Fox News, for instance   they did not intentionally freeze out the networks. Obama officials, for example, appeared on Fox regularly.This is a clear attempt to damage CNN s ratings by denying them access to the Trump White House   an immature and unpresidential move by a thin-skinned bully, and it is entirely unacceptable to only send representatives to networks that are willing to lie for him.If the standard for the Trump White House sending representatives to a network is their willingness to  promote  his agenda, everyone should aspire to be exactly like CNN. No news network should ever promote any President s agenda when it conflicts with the facts.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Drew Angerer)",News,"February 1, 2017",0
 Lawsuit Filed Against Intelligence Agencies For Records On Russian Election Tampering,"The CIA, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence are being sued for records containing information regarding Russia s tampering with the U.S. presidential election.On Monday, Journalist Jason Leopold and Ryan Shapiro, a Ph.D. candidate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. The suit alleges that the intelligence agencies failed to comply with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) by refusing to turn over requested documents.According to The Hill:On Dec. 14, Leopold and Shapiro asked the intelligence agencies for copies of communications to or from the Electoral College and any records that mention or refer to a requests Electoral College members made for information and briefings on the investigations into ties between Trump, his campaign or his associates. The request included mentions of Russian government interference in the election.Earlier this month, the CIA revealed that their assessment of Russia s election meddling had found that not only had they interfered with the U.S. presidential election, but they had done so with the express purpose of helping Donald Trump win. The FBI later announced that they agreed with the CIA s findings.In the suit, Leopold and Shapiro are asking the court to compel the intelligence agencies to turn over the pertinent records as mandated by the FOIA. This is not Leopold s first rodeo when it comes to these kinds of cases. Most notably, he was part of the lawsuit that got the State Department to release Hillary Clinton s emails.Trump has dismissed the idea that Russia meddled with the election as  ridiculous  and has claimed that Democrats are just making it up as an excuse for his  massive  win. (Quick reminder, he lost the popular vote by almost 3 million votes and even his electoral college win isn t all that freaking massive in reality.)Numerous lawmakers, from both the left and right, are calling for an official investigation into Russia s unprecedented interference in our election.Featured image via David Burnett/Newsmakers/Getty Images",News,"December 27, 2016",0
 Rand Paul Forgot To Delete Tweet Calling For People To Use 2nd Amendment To ‘Shoot At The Government’,"In the wake of a mass shooting that left a Republican member of congress and several others injured, many on both sides of the aisle are asking that the partisan rhetoric on both sides cool down a bit. It s an admirable goal and one worth reaching for. However, it s also worth noting that the very same Republicans now suggesting liberals are inciting violence don t seem to have the same concerns about their own side.The calls to  cool down partisan rhetoric,  ironic as it may be, seem to be entirely partisan. One side   and it rhymes with treepublicans   aren t pulling their weight. The story unfolds each time this happens like clockwork: Liberals join with conservatives in condemning hate on both sides. Conservatives fall silent when right-wing extremists go on violent rampages, repeatedly failing to police their own.A prime example of this disconnect is Sen. Rand Paul. He was at the baseball practice when shots began to ring out. He was unharmed, but experienced the horror. However, his understandable desire to condemn political violence is not reflected in his Twitter history. Just last year, while a Democrat was still president and during the deeply-heated election, he passed along a message of encouraging political violence. Quoting a Fox News guest, Paul wrote:.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!  Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) June 23, 2016Amazingly, he never bothered to delete the tweet. (We took screenshots in case he decides to now.)The political climate of June 2016 was, in some ways, even more heated than it is now. By that point in Obama s presidency, it had become clear that the right s boogieman was not going to be impeached and that his two terms in office had been overwhelming successful. Confronted with that reality, conservatives grew hysterical. Even in the months before he left office, Obama was being labeled by right-wing media as  tyrannical. Here s how The Federalist, a so-called  intellectual  right-wing outlet, was describing Obama just months before Rand s tweet:The year before, Sen. Ted Cruz and Texas Governor Greg Abbott were seriously suggesting that Obama might invade Texas and enact a martial law program named  Jade Helm  to confiscate Texans  guns. The allegations were patently absurd, but they riled up many conservatives who suddenly became terrified that the government was about to round them up and put them in detention camps. (Trump s friend Alex Jones helped promote the idea, going so far as claim to have identified several locations where the military was setting up internment areas.)Rand Paul isn t the only one to blame here. Fox News, which today is making blanket, factless statements about the  violence  of liberals, was responsible for the original comment by Judge Napolitano, a longtime contributor to the network and full-time nutjob. Nobody batted an eye when he encouraged people to lash out at the  tyrannical  government with guns. Fox was being viewed by millions of people a day, all being told relentlessly that Obama was acting like a dictator. They could connect the dots.In conclusion: Spare the indignation, conservatives. While we can all agree that violence has no place in the political discourse, that only works if both sides are operating in good faith. So far, Republicans have not shown an ability to condemn their own violent extremists the way they have asked liberals to do. Without that equal shouldering of the responsibility there can be no true change in the political climate.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"June 14, 2017",0
U.S. anti-bias law does not protect transgender workers: Justice Dept,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Justice has reversed course on whether federal law banning sex discrimination in the workplace provides protections for transgender employees, saying in a memo that it does not. The memo sent to U.S. Attorneys’ offices on Wednesday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions says Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 only prohibits discrimination on the basis of a worker’s biological sex, and not their gender identity. Sessions rescinded a Justice Department memo from 2014 that said Title VII does protect transgender people, a position also taken by several federal appeals courts in recent years. It was the Trump administration’s latest move to roll back Obama administration policies on LGBT issues. In August, President Donald Trump signed a memo directing the U.S. military not to accept transgender men and women as recruits, reversing a policy that allowed transgender people to serve openly. And last month, the Justice Department appeared before a federal appeals court in Manhattan to argue that Title VII does not provide protections to gay and lesbian workers. The Democratic National Committee criticized Wednesday’s memo in a statement, and urged Congress to pass a law explicitly protecting LGBT workers from discrimination. Department of Justice spokesman Devin O’Malley said in a statement on Thursday that the government could not expand the law beyond what Congress had intended. “Unfortunately, the last administration abandoned that fundamental principle, which necessitated today’s action,” he said. But Sharon McGowan of LGBT group Lambda Legal, who worked at the Justice Department during the Obama administration, said the memo “blatantly ignores” a growing body of court decisions that said discrimination against transgender people is a type of sex bias. “We are confident that the courts will see this flip in position for what it is - an anti-LGBT political pronouncement that finds no support in the law,” she said.  All three federal appeals courts to consider the issue over the last two decades have said discrimination against transgender workers is unlawful.  Most recently, an appeals court in Atlanta in 2011 said the Georgia state legislature unlawfully fired a transgender woman after she told her supervisor she planned to transition from male to female.  ",politicsNews,"October 5, 2017 ",1
Alabama Senate candidate Moore calls allegations 'dirty politics',"HENAGAR, Ala. (Reuters) - Embattled Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore said on Monday the allegations of sexual misconduct against him were evidence of the moral failings of leaders in Washington and meant to distract attention from the real issues. Hitting the campaign trail for the first time in more than two weeks, when the charges first disrupted the race, Moore said the allegations were false and malicious and politicians in both parties were desperate to see him fail. “This is simply dirty politics. It’s a sign of the immorality of our times,” Moore told about 125 supporters who jammed a rural community center in northeast Alabama, speaking just over two weeks before a Dec. 12 special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Jeff Sessions when he was appointed U.S. attorney general earlier this year. Republican lawmakers in Washington, including Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, have rushed to distance themselves from Moore and called for him to step down from the race after he was accused by several women of sexual assault and misconduct when they were teenagers and he was in his early 30s. Reuters has not been able to independently verify those allegations. Moore said the allegations were designed to distract from “the true issues” facing people and that Senate leaders understood he was difficult to manage and did not want to deal with him. “Politicians will stop at nothing to win an election,” said Moore, who has accused the media of joining in the effort to malign him. Outside the rally, a man wearing a Moore sticker pushed away a cameraman as he attempted to film Moore’s arrival, local media reported. A reporter for the Birmingham News, in a tweet, identified the man as Tony Goolsby, the DeKalb County chairman for the Moore campaign. President Donald Trump defended Moore last week, but a White House official said Trump would not campaign for Moore before the Dec. 12 special election. Trump has repeatedly slammed Moore’s Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, calling him a liberal and saying that Jones would not vote for a tax overhaul plan now being debated in Congress. Republicans hold a slim 52-48 majority in the Senate and are eager to maintain their advantage to pass Trump’s legislative agenda on taxes, healthcare and other priorities. But Republican Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama told reporters on Monday he had not voted for Moore, writing in a candidate instead. He did not say whom he wrote in. Moore had largely stayed off the campaign trail and avoided questions since the allegations first surfaced in the Washington Post. The Jones campaign has taken notice and begun criticizing his absence. Before the rally, a Moore representative warned the crowd against any “outbursts” and said Moore would not be taking questions. ",politicsNews,"November 27, 2017 ",1
Pence denies eyeing presidential bid amid distance with Trump over Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday denied that he is preparing for a presidential election run in 2020, saying the suggestion is “disgraceful and offensive.”  Pence was responding to a New York Times report that some Republicans were moving to form a “shadow campaign” as though President Donald Trump were not involved. It said multiple advisers to Pence “have already intimated to party donors that he would plan to run if Mr. Trump did not.” The report said Pence had not only kept a full political calendar but also had created his own independent power base, including a political fund-raising group called the “Great America Committee.” But Pence called the article “fake news” and said his entire team was focused on advancing Trump’s agenda and seeing him re-elected in 2020.  “The allegations in this article are categorically false and represent just the latest attempt by the media to divide this Administration,” Pence said in a statement. The Times stood by its coverage. “We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting and will let the story speak for itself,” New York Times spokeswoman Danielle Rhoades Ha said in an email. Pence has good relations with conservative political groups and some of the Republican Party’s big donors, including billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch.  He is also a Trump loyalist, and there is typically little distinction between his public statements and the policies of the president. But as investigations deepen into Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. election and possible ties to members of Trump’s campaign, Pence has put some distance between himself and the president on the best way to approach Moscow.  On a trip to Eastern Europe last week, Pence condemned Russia’s presence in the former Soviet republic of Georgia, with which Moscow fought a brief war in 2008. He also said ties with Russia would not improve until Moscow changed its stance on Ukraine and withdrew support for countries like Iran, Syria and North Korea. The U.S. Congress recently passed a bill imposing new sanctions on Russia with overwhelming bipartisan support, but Trump signed it into law last week with reluctance. “Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low,” Trump wrote on Twitter after signing the bill. “You can thank Congress.”  Trump has described probes into his campaign’s ties to Russia, including those under way in Congress and a Justice Department investigation headed by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, as a “witch hunt.” The president has also sent mixed messages on whether he agrees with U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusions that Russia tried to intervene in the 2016 election to boost his chances of beating Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. White House senior counselor Kellyanne Conway on Sunday also dismissed the idea that Pence was looking at running for president in 2020.       “It is absolutely true that the vice president is getting ready for 2020 - for re-election as vice president,” Conway told ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday. “Vice President Pence is a very loyal, very dutiful, but also incredibly effective vice president, and active vice president,” said Conway, adding that she had worked for Pence for a decade as his pollster and senior adviser. ",politicsNews,"August 6, 2017 ",1
"AUSTRIAN Schools Are Being Radicalized By Young Muslim Migrants: “If She Doesn’t Obey [Wear Hijab], I’ll Just Murder Her” [VIDEO]","This story is a perfect example of how Muslim migrants do NOT assimilate in their host countries. Instead of assimilating, they are demanding Austrian students change their culture and even their religion, to satisfy the desires of the refugees who are essentially guests in their villages and towns The following news report about the  radicalization  of students in a Viennese high school begins with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan s recent comments about women, who he thinks should concentrate mainly on being mothers. Mr. Erdogan s words are taken seriously in Germany and Austria, since he has a strong influence on Turks there, even those of the second or third generation.Notice that the Chechens   relatively recent arrivals   are said to pose the most serious problem. The same story is told all over Europe: the Chechens are the biggest troublemakers, second only to the Somalis in areas that host Somali communities. You might call them the Somalis of the Caucasus.Via: Gates Of Vienna",left-news,"Mar 13, 2016",0
TRUMP IS RIGHT: How Immigrants Sent A Staggering Amount Of American Money Back Home,"No matter which candidate you support, you have to admit that once again Trump has brought up a topic that needs to be discussed. BILLIONS of dollars are sent back to home countries from America. Think of how much we lose when $120 billion dollars leaves America! What if we tell Mexico we will stop this flow of money until they pay to build a wall at the border? The estimate for the wall is $25 billion which is nothing compared to the $120 billion that leaves America every year. While we re bleeding money out, the only amount coming into America is $5.1 billion Yes, $120 billion out, $5.1 billion in.Migrants working in the United States sent a staggering $120 billion back to their families last year, it was revealed today. The amount of money being sent by migrants across the entire world reached $530 billion last year, making it a larger economy than Iran or Argentina, the data from the World Bank showed. This worldwide figure has tripled in the last ten years and is now three times bigger than the total aid budgets given by countries around the world. It has sparked debate whether this so-called remittance money could be a viable alternative to relying on help from other governments. In the United States last year, more than $120 billion was sent by workers to families abroad   making it the largest sender of remittances in the world. More than $23 billion went to Mexico, $13.45 billion to China, $10.84 billion to India and $10 billion to the Philippines, among other recipients.In 2011, the World Bank estimated that U.S. remittances alone reached $110.8 billion, which was more than 80 per cent of the size of the total amount of cash flow ($132 billion). It is little surprise as the US is home to the largest number of migrants from developing countries; there are 42.8 million immigrants in the country, making up around 14 per cent of the population.By contrast, 2.4 million Americans live oversees, with largest populations in Mexico, Canada and Puerto Rico, and just $5.1 billion sent back in to the country, data shared on The Guardian showed. The data showed that the biggest beneficiaries included India and China, which each received more than $60 billion, followed by the Philippines ($24 billion), Mexico ($24 billion) and Nigeria ($21 billion). World Bank officials believe the amount they donate could be billions more because not all cash is sent through banks and money transfer companies on which the figures are based.Read more: Daily Mail",Government News,"Apr 7, 2016",0
 It’s On: GOP Chairman Just Declared WAR On Trump With This Tweet,"Leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been bashing party leaders for several days after rival Ted Cruz has successfully maneuvered himself into securing several delegates. As Trump sees it, its unfair and undemocratic for Cruz to obtain delegates via state party meetings, arcane rules governing who receives delegates from primaries and the like.As a result, Trump has been loudly whining to the media.During an exclusive interview with The Hill at Trump Tower, Trump said,  It s a disgrace for the party. And Reince Priebus should be ashamed of himself. He should be ashamed of himself because he knows what s going on. Trump is furious with several aspects of the Republican nominating process, including how Colorado recently awarded all of its 34 delegates to Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) without having a primary or a caucus. He doesn t agree that some delegates aren t bound to vote for their state or district winner at this summer s GOP convention in Cleveland. It should go to a vote in Colorado like other places.   The best way to do it would be just a vote, should be a vote of the people. That s the way it should be done. The delegate situation is a very unjust way of doing things. After months of sucking it up, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus finally spoke up, releasing a tweet that   without naming any names   ridiculed the argument that Trump has been making.Nomination process known for a year + beyond. It's the responsibility of the campaigns to understand it. Complaints now? Give us all a break  Reince Priebus (@Reince) April 13, 2016With those few words, Priebus gives establishment oxygen to the so-called #NeverTrump movement. The party does not want Trump to get the nomination, as he loses to both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders with double-digit percentages, while also he has already become a drag on down-ballot House and Senate races.The tweet shows that they may be willing to use every obscure party rule at their disposal at the convention in Cleveland in order to knock Trump off the ballot and turn to a candidate like Cruz, John Kasich, or even Mitt Romney, in order to stop a likely loss of the presidential election from becoming a complete bloodbath for the Republican Party.At the same time, Trump has shadowy figures in his corner like Republican dirty trickster Roger Stone and conspiracy theorist radio host Alex Jones, who already plan to protest in Cleveland, and have proposed a plan to confront delegates in their hotel rooms in order to keep pro-Trump votes in line.Featured image via Flickr",News,"April 13, 2016",0
Exclusive: U.S. consumer finance agency lawyer sides with Trump over succession - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top lawyer for the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has concluded that President Donald Trump has the authority to name its acting director, three sources familiar with the matter said on Sunday, rejecting an effort by her former boss at the agency to name his immediate successor. The office of CFPB General Counsel Mary McLeod has prepared a memo concurring with the opinion of the U.S. Justice Department that Trump has the power to appoint his budget chief, Mick Mulvaney, as temporary leader of the federal watchdog agency, according to the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity. One source said the memo would be sent to CFPB staff on Monday. CFPB officials did not respond to requests by email and phone requesting comment. McLeod’s opinion places her against Richard Cordray, who resigned as CFPB director on Friday and elevated his former chief of staff, Leandra English, to replace him on an interim basis until the Senate confirms a permanent successor named by Trump. Hours later, the Republican president named Mulvaney as acting head, plunging the bureau into uncertainty. ",politicsNews,"November 27, 2017 ",1
"SUSAN RICE Plays Race, Gender Bias Card On Why She’s Being ‘Picked On’ About ‘Unmasking’ Of Trump Associates","Susan Rice, the Obama national security adviser under fire over her alleged involvement in the  unmasking  of Trump associates during the 2016 presidential election, suggested in a fresh interview that race and gender might be playing a role in the scrutiny she s faced. PLEASE NOTE OUR PREVIOUS REPORT BELOW ON THE RADICAL PAST AND RACISM OF SUSAN RICE. The nerve of this woman who went on 5 morning shows after Benghazi and LIED to the American people! In an interview with journalist Michael Tomasky for New York Magazine, Rice reportedly questioned the criticism she s faced dating back to the Benghazi controversy. Why me? Why not Jay Carney, for example, who was then our press secretary, who stood up more?  she asked.Tomasky noted in the piece that Carney  isn t an African-American woman, of course  and apparently asked Rice whether that is the key factor. Rice, in response, left the door open: I don t know  I do not leap to the simple explanation that it s only about race and gender. I m trying to keep my theories to myself until I m ready to come out with them. It s not because I don t have any. But Rice mentioned other prominent female figures   like Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice   who faced  ad hominem  attacks, suggesting a correlation.Asked about the comments, a Republican Capitol Hill source pushed back.  This is screaming out for attention  She s saying I don t know why they all started picking on me to begin with. As to the suggestion of race and gender being a factor, the source countered, then  why would there be a subpoena for a white male? That was a reference to the fact that Rice is not the only focus of the congressional probe into unmasking. Investigators have issued subpoenas to three different agencies: NSA, CIA and FBI.Playing the victim is the usual tactic of leftists like Susan Rice she was a college radical before she cleaned up her resume and put on a business suit:RACIST VICTIM SUSAN RICE HAD A STRING OF FAILURES IN AFRICA BEFORE BENGHAZI   HER RACIST CLAIM THAT NATIONAL SECURITY ISN T DIVERSE ENOUGH SO NOT AS EFFECTIVE CAUSED A FIRESTORM:From 1995 to 1997, Rice served as Special Assistant to President Bill Clinton and senior director for African Affairs at the NSC at the White House.The Daily Caller:  U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, reportedly the leading contender to be President Barack Obama s next national security adviser, failed during the 1990s to prevent unnecessary deaths in Rwanda, provide adequate security prior to the bombings of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, or deal effectively with Robert Mugabe s dictatorship in Zimbabwe.A former State Department military adviser to Africa thought Rice s  inexperience  caused President Bill Clinton s feckless response to the Rwandan genocide when she served as National Security Council director for International Organizations and Peacekeeping. And documents sent to The Daily Caller from the National Legal and Policy Center show Rice failed to take seriously repeated Islamist threats against the U.S. embassies in the prelude to deadly bomb attacks. This woman has ZERO credibility and is a true racist who would be tossed out of her job if she were white and said government was too black. Furthermore, she s giving a commencement speech and she s politicizing it!SUSAN RICE FELT STUDENTS SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO TAKE BLACK HISTORY: In a 1986 book by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, the future diplomat argued for the aggressive inclusion of a black history curriculum in American schools, claiming that its omission had  crippling effects  by  providing a child with no more than   a white interpretation of reality. She s yet another one of Obama s minions with a radical racist past who s pushing the Obama agenda of a  fundamental transformation . Rice attended Stanford University and was a black radical back in the day is anyone surprised by this? Probably not In a White House often accused of being stacked with loyalists, President Obama s national security adviser said Wednesday there are too many white people in key government posts, endangering national security because they think alike.Speaking at Florida International University s commencement, Susan E. Rice, who is black, said a diversified government workforce is more likely to yield  better outcomes  than a predominantly white one.Referring to criticism that the U.S. national security workforce is  white, male and Yale,  Ms. Rice told the graduates,  In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected. By now, we should all know the dangers of  groupthink,  where folks who are alike often think alike,  she said.  By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another s assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes. Her comments were reminiscent of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who said in a speech in 2001, before Mr. Obama appointed her to the high court,  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life. Ms. Rice elaborated in her speech on how having more minorities in the national security field would better protect the homeland.Read more: WT Read more: FOX News",politics,"Jun 28, 2017",0
U.S. spy chief to resign as Trump takes office,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Director of National Intelligence James Clapper announced his resignation on Thursday and said it “felt pretty good” to step down, ending a six-year tenure as the top U.S. spy that included a sometimes rocky relationship with Congress. Clapper, 75, a retired three-star U.S. Air Force general, will stay on until Democratic President Barack Obama leaves office in January. He has said for months he intended to leave when Obama departed and his replacement will be chosen by Republican President-elect Donald Trump. Clapper’s term was marked by efforts to grapple with the re-emergence of an aggressive Russia, extremist attacks and growing cyber threats, as well as misleading a Senate committee about federal policy on collecting data on millions of Americans. His formal letter of resignation was issued in response to a White House request that all Obama administration political appointees submit resignations effective at noon on Jan. 20, a spokesperson for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said. Clapper appeared before the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee hearing on Thursday and Representative Adam Schiff, the committee’s top-ranking Democrat, lightheartedly said he hoped Clapper would stay in the job for four more years. “I submitted my letter of resignation last night, which felt pretty good,” Clapper responded. “I’ve got 64 days left.” In March 2013 Clapper found himself at the center of controversy after testifying before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, telling Senator Ron Wyden that the U.S. government did “not wittingly” collect data on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans. His statement was disproved months later when former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden exposed classified details of U.S. surveillance programs, including one that collected domestic U.S. phone call data in bulk. Clapper later said his response to the Senate was the “least untruthful” one he could provide. On Thursday, Wyden said senior intelligence officials “engaged in a deception spree regarding mass surveillance” during Clapper’s tenure. Others praised Clapper with Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, saying he had “served our country honorably and with distinction in every capacity requested of him.” Before last week’s presidential election Clapper’s office issued a pre-election declaration accusing Russia of hacking U.S. political operatives and individuals as part of a scheme to “interfere with the U.S. election process.” On Thursday he declined to comment on whether the Russians had shared any of the hacked information with unnamed Americans in the past 18 months. Clapper said he did not expect “a significant change in Russian behavior” when asked about Russia’s alleged involvement in hacking. He added that Russia was planning to expand its presence at a naval base it maintains in Tartous, Syria.     The leading candidates to replace Clapper in the Trump administration include Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and a previous deputy director of national intelligence under Clapper, according to national security officials and people close to Trump’s transition team. Retired Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, who headed the Defense Intelligence Agency during Obama’s first term, and former Republican Representative Pete Hoekstra, who chaired the House Intelligence Committee, also may be in contention, sources said. The director of national intelligence oversees 17 U.S. intelligence agencies and serves as the president’s principal intelligence adviser and briefer. As deputy director of national intelligence, Cardillo had served as Obama’s “alternate” principal briefer, an official said. Clapper’s service in military and intelligence spanned six decades, beginning in the 1960s in the U.S. Marine Corps followed by enlistment as a U.S. Air Force officer. ",politicsNews,"November 17, 2016 ",1
Chicago teachers union eyes future security with charter merger,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - After trying for years to stymie the growth of charter schools in Chicago, leaders of its public school teachers’ union are seeking to enlist staff from charter schools in a bid to strengthen the union’s bargaining power and tap a new source of members’ fees. Union officials in the third-largest U.S. city say their push for a tie-up took on added urgency after U.S. President Donald Trump chose Betsy DeVos, a backer of charter and private schools, as his education secretary. In cities and suburbs across the country, charters and traditional public schools have been in fierce competition for students and financing. But many are united in their rejection of private schools and voucher programs. Unions fear Trump and DeVos will slash funding for traditional public schools, and the Chicago Teachers Union (CTU) wants charter members to boost their ranks in order to help them fight back. A more unified approach has long been the answer, said Jesse Sharkey, vice president of the CTU.  “I don’t think we’re going to get to keep public education the way we currently think of it unless people organize and prepare to defend it,” he said. Charter schools are free and open to the public but are run independently of local school districts by private companies that compete for state funds. They often boast small class sizes, innovative teaching styles or a particular academic focus. Their numbers in the United States have shot up to more than 6,000, from 2,500 a decade ago. An estimated 6 percent of U.S. public school students, or more than 3 million pupils, attend charter schools. The possibility of a merger has many eyes on Chicago, where the proportion of charter school teachers who are unionized on their own is much higher than in other cities. While only about 10 percent of U.S. charter schools had collective bargaining agreements last year, according to the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, 25 percent of Chicago’s 130 charter schools are organized. Leaders of the city’s unionized charter school educators say they see the benefits in joining forces with the CTU. “We face an existential crisis,” said Chris Baehrend, president of Chicago’s union for charter teachers. “The answer to every crisis is more solidarity. It’s better for us to be a small part of a larger voice that wins things.” Leaders of his 1,000-member organization had been mulling a merger with the CTU for years, Baehrend said, but Trump’s election propelled them into action from fear of his and DeVos’ conservative agenda. DeVos’ office did not respond to requests for comment.  In June, the education secretary faced hostile questions from a U.S. Senate committee about her support for school vouchers, to which DeVos responded that she was only exploring the possibility of a program.  Vouchers are state-funded payments families can use to send children to private schools.  Supporters say they could give those children in neighborhoods with weak public schools the chance of a better education at private institutions. Critics say they are intended to boost private-sector profits with public money. A majority of Baehrend’s organization voted in June to merge with the CTU.  The CTU’s leadership favors the merger, and its 23,500 members will vote on it in the fall. Baehrend said he is confident the measure will pass.  Not everyone supports the closer links. Some supporters of charter schools say the attributes that attract many parents, including their flexibility and autonomy, could be put at risk in Chicago if the CTU introduces new terms for contracts, such as limits on the time an instructor can teach each day.  “They’re now trying to find ways to undermine the existing schools via organizing,” Andrew Broy, president of the Illinois Network of Charter Schools, said of the CTU’s leaders.  ",politicsNews,"August 12, 2017 ",1
" Canadian PM Justin Trudeau Explains Why He Keeps Saying, “I’m A Feminist”","During a United Nations Summit in New York City today focusing on women, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau explained why he is going to keep saying he is a feminist. I m going to keep saying loudly and clearly that I am a feminist, until it is met with a shrug,  said Trudeau.  Why does every time I say I m a feminist, the twitterverse explodes and news medias pick it up. It shouldn t be something that creates a reaction. It simply is saying, I believe in the equality of men and women and I believe that we still have an awful lot of work to do to get there.  Trudeau added,  It s just really, really obvious that we should be standing up for women s rights and trying to create more equal societies. Like, duh. Trudeau won election in October 2015 after a stunning comeback from third in the polls. He famously appointed an equal number of men and women in his cabinet, and cited his reasoning for doing so,  because it s 2015.  During the summit, he called on World leaders to follow Canada s lead when appointing their own cabinets. Any world leaders who tell me  I d love to, I just can t do that with the current configuration of our parliament or of my party , I say:  Well, what are you doing to change that configuration and draw out those extraordinary women who can be leaders that we need? ,  he told the crowd.His party, the Liberal Party, also recouped a majority in the Canadian Parliament. His election also inspired an increase of voter turnout by 7.4 percent to 68.5 percent. Trudeau won election on a campaign platform of progressive reforms, such as increasing taxes on the wealthy and dramatically improving infrastructure. Trudeau has also given warm welcomes to Syrian refugees arriving in Canada to seek asylum.Just last week, Trudeau met with President Barack Obama to promote ties between Canada and the United States, and to announce joint efforts to combat climate change. Trudeau s predecessor, Stephen Harper, as an aggressive proponent for the oil industry and did not share the same values in fighting climate change Trudeau and Obama do. Featured image courtesy of Flickr",News,"March 17, 2016",0
Clinton aide criticizes Trump has having 'bizarre fascination with foreign strongmen',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An aide to U.S. Democrat Hillary Clinton criticized Donald Trump’s foreign policy as making “no sense for the rest of us” after the Republican presidential candidate said he would hold talks with North Korea’s Kim Jong Un.  “Let me get this straight: Donald Trump insults the leader of our closest ally, then turns around and says he’d love to talk to Kim Jong Un?” senior foreign policy adviser Jake Sullivan said in a statement. “I suppose that makes sense for him, since he also praised Kim Jong Un for executing his uncle and seems to have a bizarre fascination with foreign strongmen like Putin and Kim. His approach to foreign policy makes no sense for the rest of us.” ",politicsNews,"May 17, 2016 ",1
Trump election puts Iran nuclear deal on shaky ground,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s election as president raises the prospect the United States will pull out of the nuclear pact it signed last year with Iran, alienating Washington from its allies and potentially freeing Iran to act on its ambitions. Outgoing President Barack Obama’s administration touted the deal, a legacy foreign policy achievement, as a way to suspend Tehran’s suspected drive to develop atomic weapons. In return Obama, a Democrat, agreed to a lifting of most sanctions. The deal, harshly opposed by Republicans in Congress, was reached as a political commitment rather than a treaty ratified by lawmakers, making it vulnerable to a new U.S. president, such as Trump, who might disagree with its terms. A Republican, Trump ran for the White House opposing the deal but contradictory statements made it unclear how he would act. In an upset over Democrat Hillary Clinton, Trump won on Tuesday and will succeed Obama on Jan. 20. A businessman-turned-politician who has never held public office, Trump called the nuclear pact a “disaster” and “the worst deal ever negotiated” during his campaign and said it could lead to a “nuclear holocaust.”  In a speech to the pro-Israel lobby group AIPAC in March, Trump declared that his “Number-One priority” would be to “dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran.”   He said he would have negotiated a better deal, with longer restrictions, but somewhat paradoxically, he criticized remaining U.S. sanctions that prevent American companies from dealing with Iran. By contrast, he has conceded it would be hard to destroy a deal enshrined in a United Nations resolution. In August 2015, he said he would not “rip up” the nuclear deal, but that he would “police that contract so tough they don’t have a chance.” Iran denies ever having considered developing atomic weapons. But experts said any U.S. violation of the deal would allow Iran also to pull back from its commitments to curb nuclear development.  Those commitments include reducing the number of its centrifuges by two-thirds, capping its level of uranium enrichment well below the level needed for bomb-grade material, reducing its enriched uranium stockpile from around 10,000 kg to 300 kg for 15 years, and submitting to international inspections to verify its compliance. “Say goodbye to the Iran deal,” said Richard Nephew, a former U.S. negotiator with Iran now at Columbia University. “There is very little likelihood that it stays, either because of a deliberate decision to tear it up by Trump, or steps that the U.S. takes which prompt an Iranian walk back.” The spokesman of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran, Behrouz Kamalvandi, was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency: “Iran is prepared for any change,” adding that Iran would try to stand by the deal. The nuclear deal was divisive in Iran, with hardliners opposed to better relations with the West arguing that pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani was giving up too much of the country’s nuclear infrastructure for too little relief. Rouhani said on Wednesday the U.S. election results would have no effect on Tehran’s policies, state news agency IRNA quoted him as saying. [nL8N1DA46H] Some of Washington’s closest Middle East allies have been skeptical of the nuclear deal. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been outright hostile. Gulf leaders say the deal has emboldened Iran’s pursuit of regional hegemony in part through support for proxy groups fueling regional conflicts. Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, whose power supersedes that of Rouhani, regularly criticizes the United States and says it should not be trusted, but ultimately assented to the terms of the deal, known by its acronym JCPOA. “The big winner in the aftermath of a Trump victory is Iran’s Supreme Leader,” said Suzanne Maloney, a foreign policy expert at the Brookings Institution. “He will have the most cartoonish American enemy, he will exult in the (hopefully brief) crash of the American economy, and he will be able to walk away from Iran’s obligations under the JCPOA while pinning the responsibility on Washington.” Further complicating any Trump effort to renegotiate the deal is that it is a multilateral agreement involving U.S. allies in Europe as well as fellow world powers Russia and China. European and Asian firms have been returning to Iran and making major investments there, meaning the United States would likely be alone in pulling out of the deal, possibly isolating it from its partners. On Wednesday, the head of gas, renewables and power for French oil and gas company Total TOTF.PA in Iran said Trump’s election would have no impact on investments [nP6N1CW004]. Khamenei has already promised to “set fire” to the nuclear deal if the West violates it. Iran has repeatedly complained it has not received benefits promised. Though European companies have been eager to explore business prospects in Iran, few deals have been enacted in part because European banks have been reluctant to finance deals involving Iran. “As to whether he can negotiate a ‘better’ deal, it takes two (or seven) sides to agree to begin that process, something I rate as highly unlikely,” said Zachary Goldman, executive director of the Center on Law and Security at New York University and a former U.S. Treasury official. “And if we walk away from the deal I think we will be in the worst of all worlds - Iran will feel freed from its commitments and we may be blamed for the deal falling apart.” ",politicsNews,"November 9, 2016 ",1
Trump plays down post-Brexit market turmoil on Aberdeen visit,"ABERDEEN, Scotland (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump played down market turmoil in the wake of Britain’s decision to leave the European Union on a visit to his Trump International golf course in Aberdeen on Saturday. Wearing an open-necked shirt, a suit and a white baseball cap with his slogan “Make America great again”, Trump was asked if he was worried about the volatility in financial markets following Britain’s vote to leave the EU on Thursday.  “There’s always turmoil no matter where you go, no matter what you do,” he said. Global stock markets lost about $2 trillion in value on Friday after the vote, while sterling fell to a 31-year low. Trump, whose mother was Scottish, was greeted by around a dozen protesters at the course waving Mexican flags, rainbow flags for Gay Pride day and signs that read “Donald stop the hating” and “Shame on you for ruining a beautiful landscape.” Trump last year proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States as a response to Islamist attacks in Paris and California, causing a furor in Europe. In an article in a Scottish newspaper earlier this year, Trump pointed to his determination to overcome local opposition to his golf course projects as an example of the leadership skills that Americans would get if he were to become president. He also met with News Corporation media mogul Rupert Murdoch and his wife Jerry Hall, giving them a tour of the course in a golf cart. ",politicsNews,"June 25, 2016 ",1
Xi ally Li Qiang named Shanghai party boss: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Li Qiang, an ally of Chinese President Xi Jinping, has been named the top Communist Party official in Shanghai, replacing Han Zheng who last week joined the elite Politburo Standing Committee, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday.  Xi on Wednesday unveiled a new senior leadership at the end of the twice-a-decade congress, with new members appointed to the three elite party bodies that run China.   Over the next few weeks and months, a series of other reshuffles will take place as the party moves people into new party and government positions and as others retire. Xinhua said in a brief notice that Li, 58, would take up the party secretary post in Shanghai and no longer serve in the top spot in Jiangsu province, according to a  decision of the Central Committee , which at 204 members is the largest of the party s ruling bodies.  The move puts Xi allies in China s four major municipalities - Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing - power centers on par administratively to provinces.  A native of the eastern coastal province of Zhejiang, Li was secretary general of the provincial party committee under Xi when the latter was Zhejiang party boss from 2002 to 2007. Li was appointed to the 25-member Politburo, which is under the Standing Committee, on Wednesday, and Reuters  sources had tipped him to take on the Shanghai job. [nL4N1N3052]  He is seen as a strong contender to be further promoted to the Standing Committee at the next congress in 2022. Xinhua also said that another known Xi ally, Lou Qinjian, replaced Li as Jiangsu party secretary, stepping down as party boss in Xi s home province of Shaanxi, a post in turn filled by Hu Heping.  ",worldnews,"October 29, 2017 ",1
Venezuelans face growing queues to buy gasoline,"PUERTO ORDAZ, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan drivers are facing growing queues to buy gasoline despite having the world s largest oil reserves, adding to the OPEC country s woes as its refineries sputter and its socialist economic system crumbles. Lines to buy fuel and shuttered service stations have been intermittent problems for much of this year, most notably outside the capital Caracas. But in recent days the problem has worsened, with lines popping up at service stations in Caracas, while drivers in the southern city of Puerto Ordaz were waiting an average of four hours to fill their tanks.  I had an urgent medical appointment but I had to suspend it because I didn t have gasoline and the lines are several blocks long,  said Nelly Gutierrez, 35, an accountant.  There s no medicine, water, internet, and no gasoline. How long is the government going to put us through this?  State oil company Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) did not immediately respond to a request for comment and the reasons for the apparent dip in supply this week were unclear. But the country s refineries are functioning at record lows due to constant outages and insufficient supply of crude resulting from slumping output, union leaders and refinery workers say. PDVSA, suffering a dramatic cash flow shortage as a result of low oil prices, has struggled to pay for imports of fuel to fill the gap.  In most cases, it has resolved major supply disruptions within a few days, although one shortage in March lasted several weeks and affected exports to ally and trading partner Cuba. Fourteen tankers are waiting in ports in Venezuela and the Caribbean to unload a total 4.2 million barrels of fuel and blending components commissioned by PDVSA, but have not yet done so for lack of payment, according to Thomson Reuters data and shipping sources. Earlier in September, as many as 24 cargoes were held awaiting payment, but at least six of those have been diverted to other destinations as Atlantic storms have caused supplies to tighten elsewhere. Others have discharged in recent days, after receiving payments. PDVSA is now forced to prepay its fuel imports because payment delays have led suppliers to halt open credit to the company. U.S. sanctions imposed last month are also making it difficult for PDVSA to get letters of credit needed for some imports and exports. President Nicolas Maduro says the country is a victim of an  economic war  and accuses the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump of worsening the situation through sanctions.  I m really sad that my country is in this situation,  said driver Marvelia Dominguez, as she waited to fuel her car in Caracas.  Now we don t even have gasoline, which was always one of the easiest things for us to find.  ",worldnews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
Moscow seeks support for Russia-Chinese roadmap on North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged world powers on Friday to get behind a joint Russian-Chinese roadmap for settling the crisis over North Korea s weapons program. Speaking at a conference on non-proliferation in Moscow, Lavrov said that the break-up of a deal on Iran s nuclear program would send an alarming message about international security mechanisms, and could impact the situation on the Korean peninsula. ",worldnews,"October 20, 2017 ",1
RUSSIA HITS OBAMA…HARD: “We are reaching a really terrifying conclusion for the whole world: That the White House is defending Islamic State.,"U.S.-led coalition air strikes killed dozens of Syrian soldiers on Saturday, endangering a U.S.-Russian ceasefire and prompting an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting as tensions between Moscow and Washington escalated.Just a few days ago it was reported that Putin felt that if anything happened to damage the tentative ceasefire agreement that it would be Obama s fault. Seems he was right.Reuters reported:The United States military said the coalition stopped the attacks against what it had believed to be Islamic State positions in northeast Syria after Russia informed it that Syrian military personnel and vehicles may have been hit.  The United States relayed its  regret  through the Russian government for what it described as the unintentional loss of life of Syrian forces in the strike, a senior Obama administration official said in an emailed statement.  Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said in an emailed statement that Russian officials did not voice concerns earlier on Saturday when informed that coalition aircraft would be operating in the strike area.  The 15-member Security Council met on Saturday night after Russia demanded an emergency session to discuss the incident and accused the United States of jeopardizing the Syria deal.  The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, chastised Russia for the move. Russia really needs to stop the cheap point scoring and the grandstanding and the stunts and focus on what matters, which is implementation of something we negotiated in good faith with them,  Power told reporters. She said the United States was investigating the air strikes and  if we determine that we did indeed strike Syrian military personnel, that was not our intention and we of course regret the loss of life.  When asked if the incident spelled the end of the Syria deal between Moscow and Washington, Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said:  This is a very big question mark.   I would be very interested to see how Washington is going to react. If what Ambassador Power has done today is any indication of their possible reaction then we are in serious trouble,  Churkin told reporters. Moscow cited the strikes, which allowed Islamic State fighters to briefly overrun a Syrian army position near Deir al-Zor airport, as evidence that the United States was helping the jihadist militants.   We are reaching a really terrifying conclusion for the whole world: That the White House is defending Islamic State. Now there can be no doubts about that,  the RIA Novosti news agency quoted Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova as saying.  Power said Zakharova should be embarrassed by that claim. Churkin said Russia had no  specific evidence  of the United States colluding with Islamic State militants. The Syrian conflict has been a tug-o-war between Washington and Moscow for some time now. Both Putin an Obama have pulled maneuvers that could have been detrimental to all involved, but this latest air-strike was such an obvious and epic failure that Obama can t hide from. We have all felt that he supports the Islamic State terror group and if this  accident  doesn t show that then nothing will. Lets hope an pray that the ramifications aren t too harsh.The discussions are still being maintained in a diplomatic way thankfully and they haven t reached a level of action by Russia against the U.S. as of yet.H/T [ Reuters ] ",Government News,"Sep 19, 2016",0
 White Gun Nut Shows Up Armed At Memorial for Black Man Killed By Police,"A gun-toting white conservative male showed up at a memorial for Alton Sterling, the black Louisiana man who was shot and killed by a pair of police officers.One of the demonstrators at the Triple S Food Mart in Baton Rouge said she believed the man appeared with a firearm strapped to his side in order to  provoke  the crowd.21-year-old Jake David provoked an angry response from those assembled at the scene of Sterling s death. One told him  Get out of here, crazy white boy! He spoke to the Huffington Post about why he was on the scene:Approached by HuffPost, David said he came to the demonstration to practice his Second Amendment rights, offer protection and show the community  white people are not crazy. It s hard to help when you have people complain about their rights being taken and at the same time they re trying to take yours,  David said.  I understand it, but it s not my protest, it s theirs. Echoing many gun-obsessed conservatives, David explained why he carried a gun: I carry it everywhere. If there s not a sign on the door, it s not a school, a church or government building, it s on my hip. It s not just for my own protection, I don t want to see anybody get hurt. In fact, many statistics indicate that a gun owner like David is far more likely to hurt himself or a member of his family rather than be the star of an action movie come to life. The police officers who were slain in Dallas, Texas, were trained in firearms far more than the average civilian and yet were at the mercy of a single gunman.Alton Sterling was killed after the cops confronted him while he sold CDs on the sidewalk. The body cameras on both officers conveniently failed to record the incident, but observers with cell phone cameras caught the shots fired.Featured image via screen capture",News,"July 9, 2016",0
Kenya's election body appoints key personnel for presidential vote re-run,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election commission said on Tuesday that different staff will be in charge of the Oct. 17 re-run of the presidential election, after the country s top court last week nullified the result of the August vote. The Supreme Court ordered on Friday that the vote be re-run within 60 days, saying incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory by 1.4 million votes was undermined by irregularities in the process. Kenyatta was not accused of any wrongdoing. Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission Chairman Wafula Chebukati said in a statement on Tuesday that it had appointed for three months a project coordinator and officials to run the information technology, logistics, operations and training as well as the national tallying center during the re-run.  The appointment takes immediate effect,  Chebukati said. The appointments were announced hours after opposition leader Raila Odinga said his coalition would not participate in the re-run unless some officials were removed and its voting technology audited. Chebukati s statement did not mention those who previously held the positions. Kenyatta responded to Odinga s demands by saying there was nowhere in law that required the electoral body to consult Odinga. Odinga s conditions for participating in the repeat presidential election included the removal of six officials at the election board. He wants criminal investigations to be opened against them.   You cannot do a mistake twice and expect to get different results,  Odinga told reporters.  A number of the officials of the commission should be sent home, some of them should be investigated for the heinous crimes they committed.  The opposition also said it was planning to file dozens of challenges to results from races lower down the ticket, including legislative and local seats contested in the Aug. 8 vote.  The Supreme Court ruling, the first time in Africa that a court had overturned the re-election of a sitting president, was hailed by Odinga s supporters as  historic . Analysts have said it is likely to lead to some short-term volatility in East Africa s biggest economy, but could build confidence in institutions longer-term. On Monday, the election board said it would hold new elections on Oct. 17. But Odinga said he wanted elections held on Oct. 24 or 31 instead.  Odinga s National Super Alliance said in a letter to the chairman of the election commission that before the new vote is held, it needs to audit the technology used to conduct August s election and give an assurance it will be transparent in its conduct.   There will be no elections on the 17th of October until the conditions that we have spelt out in the statement are met,  Odinga said.  Kenyatta rebuffed Odinga s demands.  There is no legal requirement that Raila be consulted. I was neither consulted. Kenya doesn t belong to one man,  he said in a statement sent by his office. Odinga has lost the last three presidential elections. Each time, he has said the vote was rigged against him. A row over a 2007 poll, which Odinga challenged after being declared loser, was followed by weeks of ethnic bloodshed that killed more than 1,200 people. The opposition also plans to lodge 62 court cases contesting governorship, lawmaker, and local seats, spokeswoman Kathleen Openda told Reuters.  At least 33 court cases were filed contesting election results before the presidential election was annulled, said Andrew Limo, spokesman for the election board.  The judiciary said in a statement that by Tuesday a total 66 cases had been filed before various courts challenging the outcomes of such seats countrywide. The board received challenges to 189 results in 2013. ",worldnews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
 Katrina Pierson Just Blamed Hillary Clinton For Trump’s Stop-And-Frisk Plan (VIDEO),"Following the presidential debate, Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson opened her mouth on CBS and stupidity just flowed out of it. Pierson was on the show to discuss Donald Trump s debate performance on Monday. When Trump wasn t sniffling, he was interrupting Hillary Clinton.Naturally, Pierson blamed Hillary Clinton for Donald Trump touting the stop-and-frisk policy, which by the way, was ruled unconstitutional in 2013.During the post-debate panel, Pierson was asked to comment on Donald Trump s recent proposal to get more cities to adopt the kind of stop-and-frisk policy in New York that was found unconstitutional back in 2013. As a shock to no one ever, Rudy Giuliani, a huge Trump supporter, is and was a proponent of the racist policy.Pierson took another route and blamed Clinton, because of course: In responding, Pierson said that stop-and-frisk was effective at stopping crime and was not really racist   but then she blamed Hillary Clinton for stop-and-frisk being necessary because of her own racism. It actually did work in New York,  Pierson said of the stop-and-frisk policy.  But we have to get down to why, because that s why we re here today. We have two candidates who have very different views. The reason why we have this problem, the reason why stop-and-frisk was implemented, was there were disparities with regard to who people were pulling over,  she continued. She went on to say: And it s profiling, criminal profiling, not necessarily racial profiling, even though it comes across that way. But the reason why we had it was that we had the First Lady of the United States who went out on the national stage and dehumanized young black children  this has been the conditioning of the American public where black children have been demonized, Hillary Clinton owns that. Watch:In late August, Trump tweeted,  How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth  SUPER PREDATORS    Has she apologized? Yes, Hillary Clinton made the  super predators  remark more than 20 years ago, but it was not directed toward African-American children.This is nothing new for Pierson. Just last month, she blamed President Obama for Iraq war deaths in 2004.Featured image via screen capture. ",News,"September 27, 2016",0
 Carrier Workers BLAST Trump: ‘He Lied His Ass Off’,"Donald Trump has been bragging nonstop about the Carrier deal that supposedly kept more than 1,000 jobs in the U.S., but workers at the company are calling him out for being full of it. On Tuesday, the Carrier union s president said point blank that Trump  lied his ass off  when it came to the terms of the deal.United Steelworkers 1999 President Chuck Jones said that when Trump first said that he was going to save those 1,350 at the Indiana plant, he was hopeful. As The Hill explains,  Carrier had originally planned to move the jobs to Mexico, but decided to keep 730 of the jobs in Indiana after receiving $7 million in tax breaks from the state, where Vice President-elect Mike Pence is governor. Jones, giving the billionaire con-man far more credit than he deserves, fully expected that when Trump got up in front of the cameras on Dec. 1, he would explain that 550 of those jobs weren t saved at all. But he got up there,  Jones said,  and, for whatever reason, lied his ass off. Last week, Trump couldn t stop boasting about the deal during his ridiculous celebratory rally. Now they re keeping   actually the number s over 1,100 people,  he said,  which is so great. But Jones says this is utter bullsh*t. Trump and Pence, he explains, were more than a little misleading and some of the jobs they claimed to have saved weren t ever even slated to go to Mexico in the first place. Trump and Pence, they pulled a dog and pony show on the numbers,  Jones said.  I almost threw up in my mouth. But that won t stop Trump from bragging, and it won t stop his supporters from continuing to buy his lies hook, line, and sinker every damn time. No matter how many pants-on-fire lies Trump gets caught in, they still think he actually cares about the little guy even though it is more than obvious that he couldn t care less about anybody but himself and his rich, racist buddies.Featured image via Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images",News,"December 6, 2016",0
HOW PAUL RYAN JUST Made A Mockery Of Trump’s Promise To Protect Blue-Collar Jobs From Foreign Workers,"The bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for Trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from Congress to the Department of Homeland Security of deciding whether to provide extra wage-cutting H-2B contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for Trump s blue-collar voters.The new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases, just 18 months before the mid-term elections when voters will vet the success or not of Trump s  Buy American, Hire American  policies.The H-2B language was hidden deep in the draft 2017 supplemental budget   which is to face House and Senate votes this week   and it surprised opponents of the legislation. In December 2016, Ryan had agreed to trim the program when the partial 2017 budget deal was announced just one month after blue-collar voters backed Donald Trump s campaign promise of a low-immigration, high-wage national economic policy.Apparently nothing is going to change, as long as Speaker Ryan remains at the helm. Watch: Immigration expert Mark Krikorian tweeted aboutHere's the text of the #H2B ""returning workers"" loophole that makes a mockery of the law's numerical ""limits"". https://t.co/G7dc1Qpmaz pic.twitter.com/Hf4UPjwJB4  Mark Krikorian (@MarkSKrikorian) May 1, 2017The language in the 2017 budget says the Department of Homeland Security has the authority to exceed the supposed 66,000 annual cap on H-2B outsourcing visas by a number equal to the maximum number of workers who benefited from an earlier exemption, dubbed the  returning worker exemption. Via: Breitbart",left-news,"May 2, 2017",0
Yemen's Saleh ready to turn new page if Saudi-led attacks end,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Saturday called on the Saudi-led coalition to pave the way for an end to nearly three years of war by ceasing attacks and lifting a siege. Saleh, whose call came as his supporters fought allied Houthi forces in the capital Sana a, said on television that he was ready to turn a new page if the coalition agreed to his demands. ",worldnews,"December 2, 2017 ",1
SARA CARTER Drops Shocker On Why A Shake-Up Is Eminent At The FBI [Video],"Sara Carter has been right on everything she s reported on with the Mueller investigation. She s a gem of a reporter who does the hard work that so many other journalists just don t. She tells why she believes the FBI will have a major shake-up soon there are 27 leakers that the IG is looking at! Yes, 27 leakers!Sara Carter: We re going to see parts of that report before December (end of the month). We re going to see other parts of his report coming out after January. And they re looking at Peter Strzok. They re looking at Comey. They re looking at 27 leakers. It would not surprise me if there was a shake-up at the FBI and a housecleaning.Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch is another incredible researcher and stubborn investigator. Thank goodness for all of the FOIA requests and lawsuits he s filed to force information to come out of the FBI and DOJ. His latest discovery is an explosive email that exposes anti-Trump Mueller operatives:THANK GOODNESS FOR JUDICIAL WATCH! They pushed for emails from the DOJ and got a treasure trove of incriminating evidence of anti-Trump bias. Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said it best when he said the email is an  astonishing and disturbing find A top prosecutor who is now a deputy for Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe praised then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates (see more on Yates below) after she was fired in January by President Trump for refusing to defend his controversial travel ban.The email, obtained by Judicial Watch through a federal lawsuit, shows that on the night of Jan. 30, Andrew Weissmann wrote to Yates under the subject line,  I am so proud. He continued,  And in awe. Thank you so much. All my deepest respects. The disclosure follows confirmation that another Mueller investigator, FBI official Peter Strzok, was fired over the summer after allegedly sending anti-Trump texts to an FBI lawyer with whom he was romantically involved.His alleged actions revived concerns about the objectivity of the FBI probes of both Hillary Clinton s email setup and Russia election meddling.Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton called the new Weissmann document an  astonishing and disturbing find. Andrew Weisman, a key prosecutor on Robert Mueller s team, praised Obama DOJ holdover Sally Yates after she lawlessly thwarted President Trump,  he said in a statement.  How much more evidence do we need that the Mueller operation has been irredeemably compromised by anti-Trump partisans? CATHERINE HERRIDGE:DOJ POLITICAL HACK SALLY YATES YOU RE FIRED! The acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States. This order was approved as to form and legality by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel.Ms. Yates is an Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration.It is time to get serious about protecting our country. Calling for tougher vetting for individuals travelling from seven dangerous places is not extreme. It is reasonable and necessary to protect our country.Tonight, President Trump relieved Ms. Yates of her duties and subsequently named Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to serve as Acting Attorney General until Senator Jeff Sessions is finally confirmed by the Senate, where he is being wrongly held up by Democrat senators for strictly political reasons. I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected,  said Dana Boente, Acting Attorney General.",politics,"Dec 5, 2017",0
WATCH: FOX SPORTS RADIO HOST Nearly Shuts Down CNN Interview When He Offends Hypocritical Host With ONE Word,"CNN s Brooke Baldwin interviewed Fox Sports radio host Clay Travis about his thoughts on remarks made by racist ESPN host Jemele Hill when she called President Trump and Kid Rock  white supremacists . Travis attempted to explain how he was passionate about the defense of Hill s First Amendment Right, but felt that ESPN needs to be consistent with who they retain and who they fire over controversial remarks. Travis took it one step further when he told Baldwin: I m a First Amendment absolutist, I believe in only two things completely, the First Amendment and boobs. Brooke Baldwin, who has laughed at CNN host Don Lemon as he remarked about Kathy Griffin s  rack  on live tv, pretended to be shocked and offended by Travis  remarks.Baldwin responded,  Hold hold hold on. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly, as a woman hosting this show What did you just say? Watch the video below. We re not sure what is funnier, Clay Travis  comments, Brooke Baldwin s attempt to feign disgust or the leftist ESPN commentator Keith Reed s stunned expression.OOPS! It appears as though Brooke Baldwin is only offended when conservatives make off-color remarks about breasts on TV. Watch, as Don Lemon tells former comedian Cathy Griffin that she has a  Nice Rack  while standing next to Brooke Baldwin. NO double standard here The video above was just part of the drunken exchange between CNN s Don Lemon and Brooke Baldwin that took place on New Years Eve 2017. Here s more of the off-color comments made live during the CNN s New Years Eve coverage:Hey @BrookeBCNN how did you not faint when Kathy Griffin said nipple & Don Lemon got his nipple pierced live on TV? https://t.co/LRMr50n0C3  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017Travis was going after CNN hard, calling them  fake news  on his Twitter account after the incident exploded on social media. Travis claimed that CNN has already asked him to appear on the show again on Monday.CNN is so offended that they already called me and asked if I could come back on Monday. Too perfect.  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017CNN refuted his claim that they invited him back, so Travis says he going to play a voicemail to prove they re lying:CNN's now lying & saying they didn't invite me back on for Monday. I'll play voicemail for everyone on tomorrow's @outkick show. #fakenews  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017Race baiter extraordinaire Tariq Nasheed, who can turn grandma baking cookies into a racial issue, had this to say about Travis  remarks. LOL! That stunt that Clay Travis pulled on CNN is a tactic commonly used by white extremists .They will troll in order to get their numbers up  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) September 15, 2017Travis responded to his hilarious tweet:Liking boobs makes you a white supremacist, guys. https://t.co/CU1qrqXUC4  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017Twitter users had a hay day with Brooke Baldwin feigning outrage over Travis  comment:Killjoy ""Brooke Baldwin"" Can't Handle A Boob Joke, But Has ZERO Problems Working w/The BIGGEST BOOB In Broadcast News, #DonLemon #CNNSucks pic.twitter.com/eGtETPW5Qy  Deplorable R z rbak (@MediaJuggernaut) September 15, 2017",left-news,"Sep 15, 2017",0
U.S. Senate Republican tax proposal diverges from House bill on cuts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans are unveiling a tax proposal that differs markedly on corporate, business and individual tax cuts from legislation unveiled by their counterparts in the House of Representatives, Republican aides said on Thursday. The Senate proposal delays a corporate tax rate cut to 20 percent by a year, provides small-business owners with a deduction rather than a special business rate and maintains seven tax brackets for individuals while lowering the rate for top earners to 38.5 percent from 39.6 percent, said the aides from the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee.    ",politicsNews,"November 9, 2017 ",1
 Donald Trump Is Even Making Enemies Of The Koch Brothers; Here’s Why,"Since Citizens United, and even before, two names have been consistent Republican stalwarts and Republican donors. Before Donald Trump, it was apparent that the Republican party was owned by the Koch brothers and Walmart, both of whom are ardent supporters of free trade and cheap labor. Now, Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan are making enemies of both, and the Republican party is in turmoil.In June, before Trump was even elected, Republicans began their war on imports by sketching a  blueprint  for tax reform that would make imports a lot more expensive, and these days, pretty much everything you and I buy is an import.Trump didn t love Congress  original plan, but his plan would add a 20 percent import tax to imports from Mexico. The Kochs and Walmart aren t happy about that.The GOP confusion is mirrored by a scrambling of alliances on K Streets that hasn t been seen in living memory.  Trump more than any president I ve seen has created a little bit of chaos within some client rosters. He s not afraid to pit people against each other,  said one lobbyist who has clients that may wind up on both sides of the issue. When that happens, lobby shops will have to pick which side they re on. But as long as it s just a vague concept, that reckoning can wait.  Theres no legislative text. We don t have a conflict until we have a bill,  he said.Corporate America has had plenty of intramural matches over the years. But rewriting the tax code is a dozen Super Bowls played all on the same day. Manufacturers, including Boeing, Caterpillar, Honeywell and pharmaceutical companies, have quickly organized to praise the border tax. Retailers, including Walmart, Target and Kohl s, are trying to kill it. They re joined by right-wing megadonors Charles and David Koch. In December, Koch Industries   which imports crude and tar sands oil to be refined in the United States   said the House GOP plan would  adversely impact American consumers by forcing them to pay higher prices on products   they use every single day.  Prices at the pump, they have warned, would skyrocket, and nothing gets a member of Congress  attention faster than the flipping numbers at an Exxon station.Source: Huffington PostThis puts Congress in a tough spot, and as liberals, we should be grabbing the popcorn. The Kochs and the Waltons (Walmart heirs) are huge GOP donors and in return, they expect that wages will be kept low (Republicans are still happy to accommodate), regulations will be kept to a minimum (again, Republicans are on board) and imports will be kept cheap.While this infighting is great for us and ultimately, for the country (the Republican party will be hurting without their cash, which will increase our chances of regaining Congress and state houses in 2018), it does put us in a weird position. Defending the Kochs and Walmart is pretty much against everything we stand for, but they also have their fingers on the pulse of red state America. As Americans start paying a premium for their Bounty paper towels and Walmart crap, people will start to revolt, and thanks to the Kochs and the Waltons, they ll know who to revolt against.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",News,"February 3, 2017",0
Japan's slide into war chronicled in Emperor Hirohito's memoir,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japan s Emperor Hirohito did not veto his advisers  decision to declare war on the United States in 1941 because he feared triggering an internal conflict that would destroy his country, he said in an account dictated to an adviser. Set for auction in New York on Wednesday, the handwritten document throws light on Japan s role in World War Two, as it records events dating from the 1920s, such as Hirohito s resolve not to oppose future cabinet decisions, even if he disagreed.  He realized that if he wanted to be in power, he had to do what they wanted,  Tom Lamb, director of the books and manuscripts department at auction house Bonhams, told Reuters.  And that is an interesting fact, since, throughout the late 1930s and through the 1940s, military decisions were made, which he could not contest,  he said. The auctioneers have put an estimate of $100,000 to $150,000 on the manuscript, which consists of two browning twine-bound notebooks written in pen and pencil by Terasaki Hidenari, an interpreter and adviser to the emperor, in 1946. The memoir concludes with the emperor s statement that if he had vetoed the decision to go to war, it would have resulted in a civil conflict that would have been even worse and  Japan would have been destroyed,  the auction house said on its website. Known in Japanese as  Dokuhakuroku , or  The Emperor s Monologue , the remarks may offer insight into the role the monarch played in the war campaign. This is a topic academics say has never been fully pursued in Japan, largely due to U.S. occupation authorities  decision to retain the emperor as a symbol of a newly democratic nation.  The Americans needed Emperor Hirohito to bind the country together, which he did,  Lamb added.  The whole of Japan changed from a rather military pre-war style to a postwar economic powerhouse, and obviously the emperor was part of that.  ",worldnews,"December 6, 2017 ",1
"Russia says close to Syria deal with Turkey, Iran","ASTANA (Reuters) - Russia, Turkey and Iran are close to finalizing an agreement on creating four de-escalation zones in Syria, a senior Russian negotiator said on Thursday. The three sides are discussing details of the agreement at meetings in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, Alexander Lavrentyev, who leads the Russian delegation, told reporters.  Our main task at this international meeting on Syria is to finalize and establish four de-escalation zones,  Lavrentyev said.  We are very close to reaching an agreement on creating these four zones.  The meetings, which also involve representatives of the Damascus government and some rebel factions, will continue on Friday. Lavrentyev said the agreement was likely to include provisions on the deployment of monitors - such as military police servicemen - in the four zones and, more specifically, on their borders. The previous round of Syrian peace talks in Astana in July ended with no agreement after Turkey raised objections. Russia and Iran, which back Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government, and Turkey, which supports some of the rebels, have been holding talks in Kazakhstan since January and the meeting this week is their sixth. ",worldnews,"September 14, 2017 ",1
 GOP Congressman DEFIES Trump With BLISTERING Attack On His Voter Fraud Investigation (VIDEO),"Early this morning, Donald Trump was up to his usual nonsense on Twitter, spreading misinformation and stroking his ego. Today, he took a break from trying to convince America that the size of his inauguration crowd was respectable and once again complained about not winning the popular vote.In doing so, Trump brought up his tired, pathetic voter fraud conspiracy because he s incapable of dealing with the fact that most of America hates him. In a tweet, Trump brought up his completely unnecessary, expensive and wasteful investigation into a matter that has been debunked several times:For the record, Gregg Phillips is a random dude on Twitter that runs a voter fraud conspiracy app called Voter Stand, and the information that Trump is referring to was officially debunked in November. Phillips even admitted that there was no proof of voter fraud in an interview with Politifact.Trump s voter fraud conspiracy has been condemned by both Democrats and Republicans alike, and earlier today Republican Illinois Congressman Adam Kinzinger took Trump to task on CNN s New Day. In a blistering rant, Kinzinger stated that by spreading this false information and investigating  voter fraud , Trump was undermining America s electoral system and Constitution. Kinzinger, who was one of the few Republicans that would not endorse Trump, said: This basically undermines the idea of an election, this undermines the Constitution. Just as I was upset about the Russian hacking because it s an attack on the election system of our constitution, I don t like this. Kinzinger also slammed Trump for failing to bring forth any real proof that massive voter fraud took place. He said, You have to show why you re undermining the constitution  just show us the proof before you make the accusation. You can watch Kinzinger tear into Trump below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",News,"January 27, 2017",0
"RADICAL “TOLERANT” FEMALE Black Bloc, Antifa Leader Follows Muslim Boyfriend To Turkey… Surprised When She Was Beaten, Raped","DC Antifa Leader Moved to Turkey with Man She Met, Surprised When Beaten and Abused https://t.co/MsBtGGxwem pic.twitter.com/XjC3UbmvRn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 2, 2017McCauley claims this is not the person who she traveled to Turkey to be with in her response to Prosibiec:How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017So all day, #fascists were a lot of bluff and bluster. Brought guns they never shot. Just chanted, gave #Nazi salutes, taunted. #Pikeville pic.twitter.com/FlVAOkudlW  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 29, 2017How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017Lacy Mccauley can be seen acting as the  tolerant  host at this organized LGBTQ dance party in front of Vice President Mike Pence s home. At about the 1:40 mark, Lacy interviews Natalie, one of the  peaceful  protesters who warns Mike Pence,  Bro .at me bro!  She continues,  We re gonna fight you and dance the more you come at us. So bring it! We re ready. We re gonna keep resisting in love dancing because it looks like you don t have any.  So it looks like you need to be taught.  Lacy then goes on to interview more hateful gay protesters preaching love and  tolerance . So many angry, hateful people protesting against hate The hypocrisy of a liberal exposed:",left-news,"May 4, 2017",0
"Zach Johnson, Pieters share lead at Firestone","(Reuters) - Late birdies from Thomas Pieters and Zach Johnson gave the duo a share of the lead after the third round of the World Golf Championship-Bridgestone Invitational on Saturday. Pieters, looking to become the first Belgian winner on the PGA Tour, birdied the 18th hole for a four-under-par 66 that moved him to nine-under-par 201 at Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio. His late birdie moved him level with twice major winner Johnson, who moments earlier had also birdied the last for a five-under-par 65 that briefly gave him the outright lead. The pair are one shot clear of Australian Scott Hend (63), with Japan’s Hideki Matsuyama (67) two shots back, and Rory McIlroy (68) tied with two others another shot further adrift. “If I would have walked off today with a 65 or a 66, I would have felt that was a fair reflection of how I played,” said McIlroy.  “But only three behind going into tomorrow, I can get off to a fast start and try and put a bit of pressure on the guys up ahead of me.” Overnight leader Jimmy Walker fell back after mixing two double-bogeys with two bogeys and two birdies for a four-over 74 that left him six back in a share of 10th with Bubba Watson (66), Jason Day (70) and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka (67). Day was frustrated after following a birdie at the par-five 16th with two bogeys that left him with much more work to do in the final round. “I’m pretty angry right now, to be honest,” said Day. “Going bogey-bogey is pretty poor coming down the stretch. I’ve got to do something special tomorrow so I get my chances back to try and win this thing.” British Open champion Jordan Spieth (71) saw his hopes fade after two bogeys over his final three holes left him seven shots back in a share of 16th. Pieters started the round two shots back of Walker and got off to a sizzling start with four birdies in his first five holes but started to unravel down the stretch. The long-hitting Belgian made a pair of bogeys starting at the 13th that dropped him back into a share of the lead. He did well to make birdie two holes later but then fell back into a share of the lead again after a bogey at the 17th. Hend’s 63, the lowest round of the day by two shots, was built on four birdies on each nine with his only blemish coming in the form of a three-putt bogey at the par-three seventh. ",politicsNews,"August 5, 2017 ",1
Republican National Committee cuts ties with Moore: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican National Committee is withdrawing support for Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore after allegations surfaced that he had sexual contact with teenage girls decades ago, Politico reported on Tuesday, citing a senior party official. The move further isolates Moore, who has denied the accusations. Republican leaders have distanced themselves from the candidate and the National Republican Senatorial Committee cut ties with him last week. ",politicsNews,"November 14, 2017 ",1
Half of U.S. women have 'very unfavorable' view of Trump: poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Real estate billionaire Donald Trump’s coarse rhetoric has won him some fans, but there’s at least one large group in America that is increasingly unimpressed: women. Half of U.S. women say they have a “very unfavorable” view of the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling, up from the 40 percent who felt that way in October. The survey was taken from March 1-15, and included 5,400 respondents.  The rise in anti-Trump sentiment among women could pose a problem for the New York billionaire in his quest for the White House. Women form just over half of the U.S. population, and they have turned out at higher rates than men in every election since 1996, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. “If the presidential election were tomorrow, women would be a big problem for Trump,” Republican strategist David Carney said. “But he has time to fix it.” A Trump campaign official did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but Trump has said that he has had good relationships with women in his business career and is well-liked by women voters.     Several women who oppose Trump, interviewed by Reuters this week, said their disapproval was based on a range of factors from his disparaging comments about women he dislikes - such as Fox News host Megyn Kelly - to his hard-line views on immigration and his ribald exchanges with rivals. “I think Trump is very scary,” said Mariah Dobias, a 25-year-old cook who was voting in Ohio’s primary on Tuesday. “He says he is going to make America great, but he doesn’t say how he is going to do it besides alienating whole groups of people.” Carolyn Hostetler, a conservative from Tennessee, told Reuters she disliked “the way he has belittled women.” Some of Trump’s female supporters, meanwhile, said they liked his straight talk, and believe he could strengthen America’s position on the world stage. “He’s a little unpredictable, as we’ve seen,” said Kathleen Douglas, a 65-year-old college professor from Winter Park, Florida who supports Trump. “He’s going to put other world leaders on edge.”         Trump does not have a similar image problem with men. The Reuters/Ipsos polling results showed that just 36 percent of men said they have a “very unfavorable” opinion of Trump, a level that has held steady in recent months. Republican women are also much more likely to approve of Trump, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. Among women who identify as Republican, he has been holding around 60 percent favorability since the start of the year.      Trump’s relative appeal among men versus women was evident in the most recent round of nominating contests on Tuesday, when Trump extended a broad lead over rivals.  In Florida, exit polls conducted by Edison Research showed that Trump’s support among Republican women voters was 40 percent, versus 52 percent among males. In Ohio, where Trump came in second to the state’s governor, John Kasich, 33 percent of women voters backed Trump, compared with 40 percent of men. If the GOP frontrunner were to run against Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton in the general election, likely women voters would support Clinton over Trump by nearly 14 percentage points, according to the March polling data. Among men, Clinton would win by about 5 percentage points. At a precinct in Florida’s Winter Park, Darlene Monzadeh, a 52-year-old stay-at-home mom who had been a supporter of Jeb Bush, said Trump lost her vote during a debate when he exchanged potshots with his rivals. “It changed my opinion. When they catfight all the time and act like little boys, pointing fingers, raising voices,” she said, adding she now supports Kasich.     Trump has been accused by critics of misogyny since he launched his campaign. He complained last year that Fox News host Megyn Kelly had asked him tough questions in a debate and referred to “blood coming out of her wherever.” He more recently sent a Twitter post suggesting she was a “bimbo.”  He has called television personality Rosie O’Donnell a “fat pig” and made fun of former presidential rival and ex-HP chief executive Carly Fiorina’s face, saying, “Would anyone vote for that?” An anti-Trump attack ad launched by the Our Principles Super PAC this week featured women repeating words that Trump has used to describe women, including “fat pig” and “dog.” Several of his female supporters defended Trump against the ad on social media. ",politicsNews,"March 17, 2016 ",1
FAMILY LIVING ‘TRADITIONAL LIFESTYLE’ TORN APART: POLICE SEIZE 10 Homeschooled “Off Grid” Children From Their Family,"Conform or pay the ultimate price Police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in Kentucky on Wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.The nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around Joe and Nicole Naugler s rural property before entering the premises. Eight of the kids were out with their father but Nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. Nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).The sheriff then demanded Joe Naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges, an order with which he complied. They are an extremely happy family,  said family friend Pace Ellsworth, who asserts that the Nauglers were targeted because of their  back to basics life  and their decision to homeschool their children.Friends reported no concerns about how the children were being treated by the parents, who follow an educational model called  unschooling  where the children decide their own curriculum based on the subjects that interest them and what their strengths are. This is the natural way to live,  said Ellsworth.  It s actually a growing movement. They want to have a personal education and not a factory education. They are completely open about their life. Everyone is learning by living. They are all extremely intelligent. The family s Facebook page   entitled  My Blessed Little Homestead,  is a charming testament to their way of life. The Naugler children are obviously living a blissful  free range  lifestyle amongst 26 acres of land in Breckinridge County. They frequently post pictures and videos of their children, animals and their off-grid life,  reports Off the Grid News.  A May 5 post showed a video of a toddler, Mosiah, learning to walk. An April 24 post showed a happy family, gathering around a campfire, roasting marshmallows. The family have set up a GoFundMe page to try and raise money for legal expenses.A website for the family spells out their plight with the heart-wrenching words;  This Kentucky family of 12 people, 6 dogs, 2 farm cats and a few random farm animals was just torn apart. Their crime: Living a simple, back to basics life. This shocking story once again illustrates how families attempting to simply get on with their lives in a traditional manner are being treated as extremists by other Americans, snitched on, and targeted by authorities.Here is a Facebook link to the Nagger family business: Blessed Little Grooming Company, LLCVia: InfoWars",politics,"May 9, 2015",0
Brexit can be 'comfortably' negotiated in two years: Johnson,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Britain can negotiate its exit from the European Union within the two-year framework envisaged, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday.  We can do it comfortably in two years,  Johnson told reporters after meeting his Czech counterpart, Lubomir Zaoralek, in Prague. ",worldnews,"September 25, 2017 ",1
" Donald Trump Shames Kids For Not Registering To Vote For Him: ‘They Feel Very, Very Guilty’","Donald Trump is currently leading in the polls in New York State, but he won t be receiving two votes from his own kids. On Monday, Donald Trump admitted his son, Eric, and daughter, Ivanka, forgot to register to vote as Republicans before the deadline in March to be eligible to participate in the New York primaries on April 19th. They were unaware of the rules and they didn t register in time,  Trump told Fox News.  So they feel very, very guilty. They feel very guilty but it s fine. As we reported over the weekend, both Ivanka and Eric are registered to vote, but not affiliated with either political party. Their oversight is illuminating to the disorganization of the Donald Trump campaign.When Donald Trump first announced his presidential campaign in the Republican primaries last year, media outlets couldn t stop covering the circus sideshow of the Republican Party, which has taken over as Donald Trump is on track to win the Republican Presidential nomination. The funniest thing about it is he barely had to try. A few racist speeches, vague promises, and egotistical rants about how America needs to be great again, and only Donald Trump, a winner, can make it that way, and the majority of Republican voters have rushed to get behind this fascist demagogue. The remainder of the Republican Primary is now left between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, both vying for who can fearmonger more Republicans into supporting them while Republican establishment candidate and Ohio Governor John Kasich, who has his own brand of crazy, tries to hold onto being considered viable.In the defense of Trump s kids, voter registration should be automatic, as states such as Oregon and California have done, and the entire voting process, from registration to casting a ballot should be facilitated. They aren t the only two people who have been shut out of the Democratic process because they either lacked the information necessary to ensure their participation or weren t responsible enough to take the time to register with a party affiliate.Featured image via Flickr",News,"April 11, 2016",0
Libya considering UK extradition request for Manchester bomber's brother,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan authorities are processing a request from Britain to extradite the brother of the bomber who killed 22 people in Manchester in May, but no decision has been taken yet, a government spokesman said on Thursday. The armed group holding the brother said that if the attorney general s office agreed to the request, the force would be  ready for the next step . Salman Abedi, a 22-year-old Briton born to Libyan parents, blew himself up at the end of a show by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in the deadliest militant attack in Britain for 12 years. His victims included seven children. More than 500 people were injured. On Wednesday, British police said they had issued an arrest warrant for his brother, Hashem Abedi, for murder, attempted murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion, and prosecutors had asked Libya to extradite him.  An official request has been received through the Libyan ministry of foreign affairs and the Libyan authorities are cooperating to process (the request) in accordance with Libyan legal procedures,  said Hassan al-Houni, a spokesman for the internationally recognized government in Tripoli.   No decision has been taken yet.  Days after the attack, the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a counter-terrorism and anti-crime group aligned with the government, arrested Hashem Abedi and the brothers  father Ramadan. The father was released in August. Various armed factions in Tripoli have aligned themselves with the government, some with semi-official status for law enforcement. However, the government, which struggles to impose its authority, has limited power over them. Rada initially said it would not extradite Hashem, but then said it was ready to cooperate.  If there is agreement between the attorney general and the British authorities, we are ready for the next step,  spokesman Ahmad Ben Salim said. The Libyan attorney general s office could not be reached for comment. Islamic State said it was responsible in the immediate aftermath of the bombing but security services have always treated the claim with scepticism. In June, Rada said Hashem Abedi had told them his brother had been radicalised in Britain in 2015. They had both flown from Britain to Libya in April and Hashem said he had helped buy the equipment necessary for the attack although he had not known that Salman was planning a bombing, Rada said. British police say Salman Abedi returned to Manchester on May 18, four days before his attack. The family had emigrated to Britain during the rule of the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The brothers  parents returned to Libya during the 2011 revolution. Police have previously said they believed Salman Abedi had built the bomb himself and CCTV showed him buying nuts from a hardware store that were used as shrapnel as well as the tin that was believed to contain the explosives. ",worldnews,"November 2, 2017 ",1
"Scottish independence case helped by ""Brexit chaos"": Sturgeon","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Britain s struggles to chart a way out of the European Union are boosting the case for Scottish independence, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Sunday, but she shied away from committing to a date for another referendum vote. Scotland rejected independence by a 10 percentage point margin in a 2014 vote, and polls indicate that support for it has not shifted significantly since then.  We will consider the (independence referendum) timing again when we have more clarity on what we face,  Sturgeon said, speaking as her Scottish National Party (SNP) began a three-day conference in Glasgow.   People watch the chaos that is engulfing the UK right now and people look ahead and see the damage that is likely to be done by this unfolding disaster that is not just Brexit but this incompetent and chaotic approach to Brexit being presided over by (Conservative Prime Minister) Theresa May,  she told the BBC.  I think the case for Scotland s future in Scotland s hands (...) is becoming greater and stronger by the day.  Sturgeon, who heads the devolved Scottish government, saw her party lose more than one third of its seats in Britain s June election after it mistimed a push for another vote on secession. It subsequently put the plan on hold. Brexit has put the union of the UK s four nations under strain because Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to remain  while Wales and the larger England voted to leave. Britain s main parties are fighting over what new relationship is needed with the bloc after 40 years of shared trade and politics. May has seen her authority over the Conservatives erode since a June s snap election in which she lost her parliamentary majority. That means Britain still has a choice over the shape of its future trading relations, Sturgeon argued.  I believe so, so strongly, not for ideological reasons but for hard practical reasons, it would be an act of monumental folly for the UK to come out of the single market.   ",worldnews,"October 8, 2017 ",1
IS HILLARY ABOUT TO BE “BERNED?”…Obama Tells Donors To Back Hillary…But Can Hillary Win Without The “FREE College” Voters?,"Hillary is failing miserably with the young voters. In her wildest dreams, she couldn t have imagined running neck-and-neck with  a 74 year old rumpled Socialist. More importantly, she couldn t have imagined Sanders would run away with the youth vote. Bernie Sanders has endeared throngs of young voters by offering taxpayer funded  Free sh*t,  but in the last few rounds of primary votes, it appears that isn t enough, as he continues to fall behind the candidate who is under FBI investigation. It sure makes one wonder what  dirt  Hillary is holding over Obama s head, as this recent shift of allegiance to team Hillary comes as a surprise to many. It s been pretty clear for the past seven years that there is no love lost between Barack and the Clinton s.In unusually candid remarks, President Obama privately told a group of Democratic donors last Friday that Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont was nearing the point at which his campaign against Hillary Clinton would end, and that the party must soon come together to back her.Mr. Obama acknowledged that Mrs. Clinton was perceived to have weaknesses as a candidate, and that some Democrats did not view her as authentic.But he played down the importance of authenticity, noting that President George W. Bush   whose record he ran aggressively against in 2008   was once praised for his authenticity.Mr. Obama made the remarks after reporters had left a fund-raising event in Austin, Tex., for the Democratic National Committee. The comments were described by three people in the room for the event, all of whom were granted anonymity to describe a candid moment with the president. The comments were later confirmed by a White House official.Mr. Obama chose his words carefully, and did not explicitly call on Mr. Sanders to quit the race, according to those in the room. Still, those in attendance said in interviews that they took his comments as a signal to Mr. Sanders that perpetuating his campaign, which is now an uphill climb, could only help the Republicans recapture the White House.Mr. Obama s message came at a critical juncture for Mr. Sanders, who had just upset Mrs. Clinton in the Michigan primary and has been trying to convince Democrats that his campaign is not over, despite Mrs. Clinton s formidable lead in delegates. Via: NYT sSen. Bernard Sanders  call for a political revolution has resonated with a growing segment of Democratic voters who are committed to his message   but who, party leaders fear, will walk if he s not the eventual presidential nominee.Some of those voters tell pollsters they doubt they could support Hillary Clinton, Mr. Sanders  chief competition for the party s nod, saying she s part of the very establishment the maverick Vermont senator is fighting against. Other Democrats say Mrs. Clinton would only earn their grudging support, leaving the party fearful of a catastrophic split. Via: Washington Times I don t think there s going to be a lot of change  if Clinton wins, said Cronk, 21. Like many younger voters, he s especially alarmed by income inequality, the issue that Sanders has made a centerpiece of his campaign.  The Clintons don t really stand in that position very well.Clinton s weakness with younger voters has stood out consistently this year   she lost Democratic primary voters who are aged 18 to 29 by 70 points in Iowa, 68 points in New Hampshire and 25 points on Super Tuesday, when she won seven of the 11 states in play for Democrats. Hillary s weakness with millennials has to be very worrisome for the Democratic Party,  said Simon Rosenberg, president of the New Democrat Network, a center-left advocacy group.  What you re seeing is the millennial generation has essentially seceded from the Democratic establishment. Obama s presidential campaigns showed the power of voters under 30, who gave him 2-1 support in both 2008 and 2012. In 2016, even more millennials than Baby Boomers are eligible to vote, and they make up a large share of potential voters in battleground states such as Ohio, Pennsylvania and Iowa, demographers say.For months, Clinton tried to connect with younger voters through famous supporters such as singer Katy Perry and actor Lena Dunham. She embraced the anti-police-brutality movement Black Lives Matter, spearheaded by young African-Americans, and vowed to expand President Obama s deportation relief for young people in the country illegally and their families. She promised debt-free college for all, only to be one-upped by Sanders  pledge of free college for all.Clinton has acknowledged she s fallen short, saying she has to work harder to convince young people she will help them. When an Iowa college student asked her in January why so many other youths found her dishonest, Clinton blamed decades of Republican attacks. Via: Florida Politics",left-news,"Mar 18, 2016",0
Ex-Georgian leader risks extradition on return to Ukraine,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine says it will review a request from Georgia to arrest and extradite former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili, one of the most colorful and divisive figures in the politics of both countries, if he re-enters Ukraine in the next few days. Brought in to help drive reforms after the 2014 Ukrainian uprising that ousted a pro-Russian leader, Saakashvili has been at loggerheads with the Kiev authorities since quitting as governor of the Odessa region last year and accusing President Petro Poroshenko of abetting corruption. Stripped of Ukrainian citizenship while on a trip abroad, he  will try to re-enter Ukraine via the Polish border on Sunday, his staff and lawyers say, and expects to be greeted by supporters and lawmakers sympathetic to his cause. It is unclear how Ukrainian border guards will respond.  The justice ministry is sending the request from Georgia ... to Ukraine s general prosecutor for an extradition review,  Deputy Justice Minister Serhiy Petukhov told a news conference. Saakashvili s representative Olena Galabala said:  If there are any questions regarding the extradition of Saakashvili, then firstly they need to let him into Ukraine and then resolve this issue. Otherwise it looks like intimidation.  Saakashvili took power in Georgia after a peaceful pro-Western uprising, known as the Rose Revolution, in 2003. He was president at the time of a short and disastrous five-day war with Russia in 2008, a conflict that his critics argued was the result of his own miscalculations. The 49-year-old is now wanted on four separate criminal charges in Georgia, including abuse of office, which he says were trumped up for political reasons. Loathed by the Kremlin, Saakashvili was once a natural ally for Poroshenko after Moscow annexed Ukraine s Crimea region in 2014. But he has become one of the president s most vocal critics casting doubt on the Western-backed authorities  commitment to tackle entrenched corruption. Saakashvili has accused the Ukrainian authorities of using pressure tactics to deter him from returning to Kiev, where he has launched a campaign to unseat his former ally Poroshenko. Saakashvili s spokeswoman and his brother, David, were both questioned by authorities at the weekend.    In this way they re trying to influence me to change my mind about coming back,  Saakashvili said in a post on Facebook.  You know me very badly - this just further strengthens my resolve to defend Ukraine and Ukrainians from the dirty dealers and their lawlessness.  Interior ministry spokesman Artem Shevchenko said David Saakashvili s permission to reside in Ukraine had been annulled because his work permit had been withdrawn.  We didn t detain him. The Kiev police ensured the delivery of the Georgian citizen to the migration services,  he told news agency Interfax Ukraine. Poroshenko s office says Saakashvili failed to deliver change while governor of Odessa. They have also said his citizenship was withdrawn because he allegedly put false information on his registration form. Saakashvili says the decision was politically motivated. Saakashvili last year founded a party called the  Movement of New Forces, whose support is in the low single digits and  which has been seeking to unite reformist opposition forces.  ",worldnews,"September 5, 2017 ",1
HEAD GAMES: Technology With The Potential To Shape Reality,"Randy Johnson 21st Century Wire  MIRROR MIRROR   Am I still just a movie concept?  Virtual  avatar  technology is in its infancy   as far as we know (Image: Actor Sam Worthington from the science fiction blockbuster film, Avatar).Is humanity s recent quantum leap with technology all fun and games, or a zombie-like march into the arms of a technocratic prison world?For generations we have seen global figures such as John F. Kennedy or Ronald Reagan speak on television and that s what we believed we have seen and heard.We have all heard, people say things such as  The President said it   it was on the news  or  she said it on TV, I saw it.  Ever since the invention of the medium of television, this has served as a sufficient casual reference to any event away from the local area.What if the words and image of a global figure, broadcast to millions on television, was not real?  What if your eyes and ears where literally deceiving you?Simply put, what if seeing isn t believing anymore?  What if the person on screen, on LIVE television, who is actually interacting with questions asked, was not the person being represented on screen?With technological advancements, as exemplified with the  still-in-development Face2Face system, the potential to present and act any person to an audience for multiple reasons, both good and bad, is here.  With respect to black budgets, exotic technology, and unknown classified advancements of similar computer systems and programs   technology beyond that of the Face2Face system could already be here and further advanced.What exactly is a Face2Face system?  TechCrunch.com describes it as taking,  A YouTube video of someone speaking like, say, George W. Bush.  Use a standard RGB [Red Green Blue] webcam to capture a video of someone else emoting and saying something entirely different.  Throw both videos into the Face2Face system and  you ve now got a relatively believable video of George W. Bush s face   now almost entirely synthesized   doing whatever the actor in the second video wanted the target s face to do. If the definition eludes you, then take a look at the Face2Face system in action.Watch below as life-like avatars of George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Donald Trump, and Vladimir Putin follow visual commands in real time via the Face2Face system. That s great.  What about the voice you might ask?It does not take a wild imagination to envision voice software programs linked up with visual avatars for something like the Face2Face system in real time.Celebrity  voice changer  technology or other  voice morphing  software is already available at the consumer level.  Many security systems, phones, and buildings grant access by authenticating a person s voice.  There is even a real danger for people to have their actual voice  hacked  as they leave samples of it everywhere throughout the day.If the Face2Face technology, in a development stage as seen above, as does voice changing and voice recognition technology exists, then it only follows that the audio and the visual technology are destined to sync up.Just think of the implications.You could potentially have John Wayne, Elvis, Michael Jordan, Osama bin Laden, Miley Cyrus, or Justin Beiber wishing you happy birthday on a video message and interacting with you   Live.  It isn t really them, but then again it is them, just in a virtual reality sort of way.  Could there eventually be monetary charges to use the likeness of famous people dead or alive with certain companies owning certain celebrity s long dead and families of recent celebrities getting a cut?Perhaps a world leader could be dead for weeks and still delivering speeches or issuing orders. Anyone can be misquoted intentionally and questioned, framed, or made to fall from grace in the court of public opinion.  If you could take over another nation s airwaves, their leader can be seen saying something they said on television   except for the fact it isn t them and they never said it. Wars have been started for less.In the summer of 2015, 21WIRE discussed the use of a 3D avatar in the political realm, as India s Prime Minister Narendra Mohdi delivered a holographic speech at some 900 different rallies over the course of his campaign: Some would argue politicians are actors or entertainers in their own right, but hologram use is not limited to entertainers. Narendra Mohdi has already used the technology during his successful campaign to become India s Prime Minister. What would the future of electioneering look like with this new high-tech gadgetry?It has long been known that US political strategists have shaped elections throughout the world.In 2015, Hollywood released a fictionalized political comedy-drama named after a documentary called Our Brand Is Crisis (2005), a picture which gave a behind-the-scenes account of how James Carville and the political consultancy Greenberg Carville Shrum (GCS) socially-engineered the 2002 Bolivian elections to help Gonzalo S nchez de Lozada win the heavily contested presidency. He eventually resigned due to the so-called  Gas Wars,  where it was announced that he would follow pro-US economic policies and export natural gas to the US and Mexico.The documentary displays much of the socially-engineered electioneering that has been ongoing by the West for decades   it makes you wonder what future Western-backed campaigns might look like when aided by new tech, such as Spain s recent holographic protests, that featured thousands marching in avatar form.  SOCK PUPPET PROTEST?    New forms of political control on the horizon. (Image Source: americansuburbx)Media platforms are used to manipulate.  The very images we see all sorts of screens and media platforms can be planned, created, and manipulated through the use of actors, sets, and computer graphics.So technology doesn t have an effect on the masses and is rolled out to society  without a blueprint  so to speak?  Just consider the now common scene below.  NOMOPHOBIA    Technology, consumerism, and human behavior together.  So close, yet so far away   (Image Source: mymimtimsum.blogspot.com)Mass media in particular, is often utilized to shape opinions, drive agendas, and to communicate messages to the masses.  This is nothing new and can be as mundane as with advertising and marketing.  Specialized fields such as consumer psychologists and behavioral scientists became part of marketing teams and campaigns.  Corporations within the United States, China, United Kingdom, Germany, and Japan spent over 590 billion dollars on advertising in 2015.  In so many words, shaping masses in various aspects of behavior is literally seen as a science.Is mainstream  news reporting  above the fray and simply covering events?  Is shaping minds and creating trends limited to marketing and mass commercialism?  Probably not.  It is now becoming common knowledge that 6 umbrella corporations own about 90% of the media.  If you steer the minds, shape the laws, and build the consensus, you control the profits and get to select winners and losers.  The saying  The medium is the message seems as relevant as ever.Virtual Reality vs Old Fashioned Reality LAWNMOWER MAN  (left image)   In this 1992 science fiction film, drugs & virtual reality augment human intelligence. (Image Source: movpins)Virtual reality or deception is best brought in  through the front door  and accepted slowly via entertainment means.  Movies, televisions, computers, the internet, and smart phones are the norm and were presented to the masses as a means of entertainment, news, communication or learning, but have a dark side of conditioning, monitoring people, propaganda dissemination and changing or controlling human outlooks on reality.For those old enough to remember life before the year 2000, they might remember having human interaction that included interaction in close proximity to others.  Now, so-called social networking is something not done in person.  It s almost fashionable for someone to ignore their surroundings and introvert themselves into the world  of a device.Nothing beats connecting with other people more than losing oneself into the cyber reality of a smart phone   DIGITAL SLAVE    This is becoming a familiar sight.  When the conversation is this good, why go out?  (Image Source: Prezi.com)Fun and games, or a zombie-like walk into the arms of a technocratic world. The Face2Face system technology above is not unlike the virtual reality (VR) technology used to map a person s face and expressions to a VR avatar. Mark Zukerberg s Facebook has shown heavy interest in the technology, most notably with its 2 billion dollar purchase of Silicon Valley VR firm Oculus Rift.The global acquisitions of talent and start-up companies with expertise in virtual reality technology by Facebook has been notable and they have stated their intent to integrate social networking with virtual reality and avatars.Nothing beats getting people together and networking than a visual representation of themselves in a virtual reality scenario.Get with it!  Reality is so yesterday!   OCULUS RIFT   purchased by Facebook, can map and copy face movements in real time. It has vast potential for shaping reality via gaming and social networking.Ready or not, an ever-increasing technological world is on the way. Virtual reality devices are not likely to become common overnight. However, over time, especially for those who can remember, it will probably be like when there were no smart phones. Eventually humankind could reach a point where few remember what it was like without it.In addition to Face2Face types of technology, holographic and projection technology, as seen with  Face Hacking , could be intertwined with Face-2-Face and voice morphing technologies.Read 21st Century Wire s article Face Hacking: 3-D Projection Mapping in Real Time here.The potential can be as amazing as it is disconcerting.  In the meantime more and more people are warming up to the reality of a virtual reality.  Watch below. READ MORE A.I. TECHNOLOGY: 21st Century Wire A.I. Files",Middle-east,"June 3, 2016",0
 WATCH: Sarah Silverman Hilariously Demolishes Trump On Conan,"Adolf Hitler isn t enthused about being compared to Republican front runner Donald Trump, according to comedian Sarah Silverman, who dressed up as the Nazi dictator and made an appearance on Conan. After being introduced, Silverman-as-Hitler said: Wow, look at that! I have to say, that s more applause than I expected. Don t get me wrong, Conan. I agree with a lot he says   a lot. Like 90 percent of what he says, I m like, this guy gets it, but I don t like the way he says it. It s crass. In reference to a recent GOP debate when Rubio poked fun of Trump s hands and implicitly referred to the size of his penis, Silverman-as-Hitler had this to say: What kind of person talks about his penis size on national television? Oh yeah, I m so sure Donald Trump has a big penis. I famously have a micro penis. That s what makes a tyrant. Anyway, all these comparisons to Trump, it s like, it bums me out. You know what I mean? Sometimes I watch him and I m like,  Is that how people see me?' Watch the clip here:Trump has received a barrage of criticism, some comparing him to the notorious dictator including Louis CK, who said,  he is dangerous. Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto said Trump s campaign had similarities to the rise of the Nazi leader.In an interview with Good Morning America, Trump said of the comparisons:It s a terrible comparison. I m not happy about that, certainly. I don t want that comparison. But you know we have to be strong, and we have to be vigilant. People agree with that. We don t want to lose our jobs to China. And we don t want to lose our jobs to Mexico and Japan, If Trump doesn t want such comparisons, then he should stop propagating in ways that remind the world of the notorious Nazi dictator.",News,"March 11, 2016",0
 Look How Differently President Obama And Donald Trump Talk About Women (VIDEO),"There are many differences between GOP Presidential hopeful Donald Trump and sitting President Barack Obama, but chief among them is the way they speak about the women in their lives, and women in general. This video draws out those difference in a stunning comparison.The video, put together by the brilliant team at Buzzfeed News, features Obama sharing a wish for his daughters to live as equals among men in their future. Meanwhile, Trump talks only about the  great body  of his teenage daughter Ivanka, while Howard Stern tells him he thinks she s hot.While Obama speaks about how much inspiration he takes from his wife Michelle and his two daughters, Trump is seen telling a female Apprentice contestant: Must be a pretty picture you dropping to your knees. When Obama speaks about his admiration for his mother, who raised him alone, and the struggles she faced in making ends meet and bringing up a son. At the other end of the spectrum, Trump tells a radio interviewer he has no plans to be involved in raising his next child   that s what his wife is for.The video features many more shockingly callous comments from Trump, who clearly has about as much respect for women and girls as he has for the truth. (Seriously, a recent study looking at more than 40 hours of campaign footage, found the Republican candidate lies on average, every five minutes.)https://www.facebook.com/BuzzFeedNews/videos/1114564681897882/ Misogyny is not a joke. It is not some hobby horse that  angry women  ride around to piss men off. According to WHO figures, 1 in 3 women will experience sexual or physical abuse in her lifetime. It killed 18,000 American women in the last 12 years. This means that more women have been killed at the hands of their husbands and boyfriends since 9/11 than Americans died during 9/11 and in all terror attacks and wars since.This is a national (and global) crisis.As President, Barack Obama has done more for equal rights than many a President before him   but this is a project still in it s infancy. It would not survive the Presidency of Donald Trump. Should Mr Trump, or Mr Cruz for that matter, make it to the White House, it is likely that two generations of advances in women s rights will be unravelled. On reproductive rights, on equal pay, on prosecuting r*pe and s*xual assault, on s*xual harassment, on basic human respect   the Republican front runners are to the right of Ghengis Khan.These are views that should make the candidates unelectable in an advanced nation. It remains uncertain whether it makes them unelectable in America in 2016.But one thing is certain. If either makes it to the Oval Office, the US will be put into reverse gear on some of the most pivotal issues of our time   while the rest of the world drives forward.Featured image via YouTube screengrab",News,"March 23, 2016",0
Republican senator to block arms sales over Qatar crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Monday he would block arms sales to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and other members of the Gulf Cooperation Council pending progress in resolving a simmering dispute with Qatar. “All countries in the region need to do more to combat terrorism, but recent disputes among the GCC countries only serve to hurt efforts to fight ISIS and counter Iran,” Republican Senator Bob Corker wrote in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  His action could increase pressure on members of the Gulf Cooperation Council to settle the crisis. The GCC groups Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain and Oman.  Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates imposed a boycott on Qatar, their tiny but wealthy neighbor, on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorism. They have sent it 13 demands including closing al Jazeera television, curbing relations with Iran, and paying reparations. Under U.S. law, major foreign U.S. arms sales are submitted for review to a small group of lawmakers, including the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, before they can go ahead. Trump considered Corker as a potential vice president and secretary of state, and he works closely with the White House. The administration would be unlikely to ignore his resistance to the arms sales, and U.S. officials said they considered his statement part of a broader effort to solve the Qatar crisis. A State Department official noted that Tillerson called on Sunday for the countries involved to sit down together and discuss ways forward. The official declined comment on arms sales beyond saying the department remains committed to working with lawmakers. It was not immediately clear what sales would be affected. Trump has announced billions of dollars in arms sales since taking office in January. He sees weapons sales as a way to create jobs in the United States. A Corker aide said his action would not affect sales that had already been reviewed by Congress or non-lethal assistance, including training. One sale already cleared by Congress was for up to $350 billion in precision-guided munitions and other offensive weapons to Saudi Arabia. In his letter, Corker said he was pleased with Trump’s recent trip to Saudi Arabia, which included a GCC summit.  “Unfortunately, the GCC did not take advantage of the summit and instead chose to devolve into conflict,” Corker wrote. ",politicsNews,"June 26, 2017 ",1
"Trump says he has made decision on Iran deal, declines to say what it is","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that he had made a decision on whether or not to pull the United States out of the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, but he declined to say what it was. Trump, when asked by reporters, said:  I have decided.  If Trump does not certify in October that Iran is complying with the agreement, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the pact.    ",worldnews,"September 20, 2017 ",1
[VIDEO] FOX News’ Greg Gutfield Asks If The Left Would Care If Planned Parenthood Was Selling Harvested Dolphin Organs,"Greg Gutfield asks the question we all would like to know about this horrific woman working for Planned Parenthood in the undercover aborted baby parts brokering video. After discussing the dicing of aborted baby parts over salad and a glass of wine, he asks:  I wonder if she made room for dessert? ",left-news,"Jul 17, 2015",0
Russia's Lavrov says hopes Syrian congress to happen soon,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Tuesday he hoped that an international Syrian peace congress would take place in the near future.  The Russian-sponsored Syrian peace congress scheduled for Nov. 18 was postponed after objections by Turkey, President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said over the weekend.  Asked whether the congress was postponed, Lavrov told a briefing that the date had not been officially announced. He added that he hoped that the United Nations would support holding the congress.  ",worldnews,"November 7, 2017 ",1
Trump administration touts plans to reduce regulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration on Wednesday touted its effort to roll back federal regulations by targeting a range of government rules ranging from a “paperwork burden on outdoor enthusiasts” to plans to regulate oil and gas development on Indian reservations. The White House Office of Management and Budget plans to release a fuller update about its de-regulation plans on Thursday. In a preview released on Wednesday, it said the Department of Interior planned to cut down on paperwork required for using federal lands by people who enjoy the outdoors, “sport fish restoration programs,” and Native American tribes. It also said the Environmental Protection Agency would stop pursuing a “costly and premature” plan to regulate oil and gas development in the Uintah and Ouray Indian reservations. ",politicsNews,"July 20, 2017 ",1
JUDGE NAPOLITANO On Reckless Hillary’s Emails: She Could Be Responsible For Deaths Of CIA And FBI Agents [VIDEO]," Members Of The Intelligence Committee Simply Don t Want Hillary As Next President of the United States As Barack Obama blames Russia for hacking Hillary s emails and vows to pay back Putin with a massive cyber attack Fox News contributor Judge Napolitano explains why the NSA, and not the Russian government, is to blame for hacking the DNC email servers:",left-news,"Oct 15, 2016",0
Dutch 'blood timber' businessman arrested in South Africa,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - A Dutch businessman convicted in April of selling weapons to ex-Liberian president and warlord Charles Taylor was arrested in South Africa on a Dutch warrant, officials said on Friday.  Blood timber  trader Guus Kouwenhoven was sentenced as an accessory to war crimes for providing arms to Taylor s government in violation of a U.N. embargo. Kouwenhoven, 75, has been living in Cape Town and had refused to return to the Netherlands for trial, citing health problems. He was not present at the trial. Dutch prosecution spokesman Bart Vis said Kouwenhoven would appear before a judge in South Africa on Friday and a court there would rule later on the Dutch extradition request. Known in Liberia as  Mister Gus , Kouwenhoven ran two timber companies in the West African state in 2000-03 and used them as cover to smuggle arms, according to the Dutch court that sentenced him to 19 years in prison. At the time, Liberia was in the grip of a civil war between then-President Taylor s government and several rebel factions. Liberia s string of conflicts since the 1990s left an estimated 250,000 people dead. Thousands more were mutilated and raped and all sides in the conflict used child soldiers. Taylor stepped down in 2003. He was arrested in 2006 and in 2012 sentenced to 50 years in prison for aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone by the Special Court for Sierra Leone. ",worldnews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
 The United States Government Has Told Trump To Go F*CK Himself,"When Trump began his disinformation campaign and then started trying to muzzle federal agencies, employees of some of these agencies went to Twitter to openly defy him. They call themselves AltGov, and there are dozens of these accounts that are making a point of pushing out the very facts that Trump wishes would disappear, as well as openly fighting his  alternative facts,  and overall disinformation campaign. Many have been verified by Snopes, who now keeps a running list of trusted AltGov accounts.However, no matter who they are, they are all very clear about the fact that they are not doing this on behalf of their agencies. They re operating these accounts independently and are not official U.S. government Twitter accounts, and they re dedicated to maintaining the flow of information from the government to the people that we enjoyed under previous administrations (Please note: Their work does not appear to include any sensitive information, and they appear to be very careful to keep it that way).Below are some of the agencies and departments where members of AltGov work, have inside knowledge of, or can otherwise speak the truth about what the government is doing:There are also two alternate accounts dedicated to sending out facts under the name Alt. Sarah H. Sanders (@altUSPressSec), and Alt. Alt. Press Sec (@altaltPressSec). In addition to directly and loudly calling out the Trump administration on its lies, Alt. Alt. Press Sec  speaks truth to power for those who block @altUSPressSec,  who has been blocked by none other than Trump himself. Back when Sean Spicer was still Trump s press secretary, @altUSPressSec tweeted out a short description of what AltGov stands for.We are not scientists. We are civil servants and Federal contractors united for the preservation of democratic norms. We support our #altGov  Alt. Sean Spicer (@AltUSPressSec) January 26, 2017This is an anti-Trump resistance movement within the United States government that caught on like a wildfire in a forest canopy shortly after he decided to muzzle the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service back in January. There are also many, many supporting accounts who aren t government, but who support the movement and have ways to help. What we see here is the backbone of the federal government, along with concerned contractors and friends, telling Trump to fuck right the hell off with his  alternative facts  and muzzling bullshit. They will not be silenced.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",News,"January 26, 2017",0
PITTSBURGH POLICE OFFICERS Boycotting Race Baiting Diva Beyoncé’s Concert May Be FORCED To Work,"The worst thing is the number of white people and people with ties to law enforcement officers will pay to see one of the most influential, openly anti-white, anti-cop entertainers in America There are reportedly several Pittsburgh police officers refusing to work security for Beyonc s May 31 concert at Heinz Field, due to what they call the singer s anti-police lyrics in her latest Black Lives Matter-themed album,  Lemonade.  But city officials may force those officers to provide security for the show. There are police officers that have expressed that they do not want to support an artist that they don t like what she has to say,  said Robert Swartzwelder, president of the Fraternal Order of the Police Lodge No. 1.  It s up to them what they want to do with their off-duty time. Concert venues, like Heinz Field, usually ask city officials to provide off-duty police officers to work security or direct traffic at an event. The choice to work these events is usually each police officer s to make.However, a memorandum to officers from the City of Pittsburgh Bureau of Police says the city may appoint between 29 to 35 officers to work at the concert if they don t recruit enough volunteers.Click HERE for Beyonc s racist, cop-hating video.Swartzwelder said the city s plan would be in direct breach of the contract agreement between the city of Pittsburgh and the police department. Such a move would force the Fraternal Order of the Police to file an unfair labor practice complaint on behalf of its member officers.Last February, the Miami Fraternal Order of Police announced a boycott of Beyonc s concert where her  Formation  world tour would be kicking off. Similar calls to boycott Beyonc  were lodged from Tampa, Florida to Texas.Earlier this month, members from several police organizations, including the Pasadena Police Department and the Coalition for Police and Sheriffs, held a protest near Beyonc s concert in Houston, Texas.Already aware of the criticisms of her music, Beyonc  upped the ante last month and decided to sell  Boycott Beyonc  merchandise, including T-shirts, cellphone cases, and hats.Via: Breitbart News ",left-news,"May 22, 2016",0
Democrat Clinton to propose plan to protect small businesses,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Thursday will unveil proposals to help small businesses fight fraudulent practices by larger firms, tactics her campaign will compare to the business record of her Republican rival, Donald Trump.   The plan would enhance legal protections for small businesses when large firms don’t pay their bills, increase federal regulatory enforcement, and expand working capital for small businesses, according to a Clinton official. The proposal comes a day after Clinton, in Atlantic City, lambasted Trump for what she described as profiting from exploiting workers in the slumping seaside town. A Reuters special report last year found Trump sometimes refuses to pay bills from contractors he has hired and then forces them to negotiate the final figure down. The new plan from the former secretary of state highlights a major division in the Democratic and Republican campaigns for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Trump, a New York real estate developer, often highlights his businesses as among his biggest qualifications for office, promising to do for the country what he says he has done for his companies.  But Clinton and others have harshly criticized Trump’s business practices and argue that running a country is a far different proposition from running a private enterprise.  Clinton and several campaign surrogates will take her new small business proposal to 10 states, including key election battlegrounds of Florida and Nevada, pointing to Donald Trump’s Atlantic City casino bankruptcies as a warning sign for voters. ",politicsNews,"July 7, 2016 ",1
Trump blasts Republican senator on 'moral equivalency' after Virginia attack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Thursday fired back at a critic in his own party who had denounced the president’s response to the Charlottesville, Virginia, attack, saying he had not drawn a “moral equivalency” between white hate groups and counter-protesters. Trump, on Twitter, called fellow Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham’s statement a day earlier “a disgusting lie.” On Wednesday, Graham had said Trump’s statements after the weekend attack had suggested “moral equivalency” between the two sides and urged him to instead use his words to heal Americans instead. ",politicsNews,"August 17, 2017 ",1
"Syrian army, allies seize more of Jordanian frontier: report","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies seized control of nine positions at Syria s border with Jordan, expanding their control at the  southern frontier, a military news outlet run by the Lebanese group Hezbollah said on Saturday. The captured border positions were located to the southeast of Damascus, the report said, adding that militants had been killed and wounded during the attack. It did not identify the insurgents, or say when the positions had been captured. Hezbollah, an Iran-backed Shi ite group, is fighting in support of the Syrian government, which is making rapid territorial gains against insurgents in southern and eastern Syria.       ",worldnews,"September 30, 2017 ",1
 WATCH Fareed Zakaria Flat-Out Call Trump A ‘Bullsh*t Artist’ On Live Television,"Fareed Zakaria tends to go for the heart of the matter when he s talking about pretty much anything, but it s not likely that anybody expected him to criticize Donald Trump as bluntly as he did. Zakaria was live on CNN, speaking with Wolf Blitzer about what it says when a presidential candidate has to come back, time and again, to clarify what he says on volatile issues like Russia.Zakaria explained that there s a pattern of ignorance with Trump, and how, when someone points out that he s wrong somewhere, he comes back  with a certain bravado and tries to explain it away with a tweet or a statement.  He listed multiple examples of this, such as Brexit, the nuclear triad, and even where Tim Kaine was governor (Trump said New Jersey; Kaine actually governed Virginia). Then he said: Usually he adds that the press hates him. But there s a term for this kind of thing   This is the mode of a bullshit artist. DAMN. There s a truth bomb if there ever was one. Trump is, indeed, a bullshit artist   there s no other way to put it. Watch Zakaria s entire comment below:Fareed Zakaria, discussing Trump on CNN:  This is the mode of a bullshit artist.  pic.twitter.com/WXsgeegGFS  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) August 1, 2016 Zakaria just hit one of Trump s biggest problems on the head with an awfully heavy hammer. Trump can t ever admit that he made a mistake. It s the media that s dishonest. It s his opponents and enemies who are dishonest. Everyone but him is incredibly dishonest and unfair, and he s just a victim for whom our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter. In the end, though, a bullshit artist is what he really is. And he s the GOP s candidate for president.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",News,"August 1, 2016",0
“REFUGEE DRESS” Sold Online Forced to Change Name After Social Media Goes Ballistic,"We d love to know your thoughts on this! We think it s sort of unreal that this company was forced via social media to drop the name and change it from  Refugee Dress  to  Oxford Dress Does anyone see the irony in this name change?We also want to weigh in on just how unattractive this dress is and how it just looks like a sheet. Your thoughts?A controversial  Refugee Dress  was still being sold Tuesday on the website of clothing retailer UZINYC, six days after the company said it had changed the name of the much criticized dress.WHAT S INTERESTING IS THAT THE NAME OF THIS DRESS HAS BEEN AROUND SINCE 2007: We named the dress in 2007 when we could not see ourselves escaping the reality of a global economy spinning out of control The brand was forced to change the name of the $119 dress from  Refugee Dress  to  Oxford Dress,  after a storm of criticism on social media. But while the company had re-named the title of the page, it seemed to have forgotten about the picture captions, which still label the dress as a  black refugee dress.  That label can still be seen by scrolling down the homepage of the website and clicking a photo preview of the garment.TWITTER IS ABUZZ OVER THE DRESS:So this brand thought it was appropriate to sell a  refugee  dress? Disgusting. #uzinyc https://t.co/mxlMDQWG4p pic.twitter.com/2WSKojHFE5  Rianna Croxford (@The_Crox) July 31, 2017UZINYC recently told Mic that it originally created the dress to draw attention to the refugee crisis.  We feel that it is important to keep these issues within public discourse,  co-founder Mari Gustafson told the website.   The American economy has recovered, and through perseverance and luck our company has recovered as well. We are now able to provide jobs for others and give them a sense of hope and stability.   We are sorry if we have disturbed anyone,  Gustafson told Today.com.Last week, critics of the dress took to Twitter to complain about the use of the phrase  refugee  to market a dress.  Refugees are neither  nomads  nor sales gimmick,  one Twitter user wrote.  Apologize, rename dress, donate to UNHCR. Via: Fortune ",left-news,"Aug 9, 2017",0
KELLYANNE CONWAY Destroys CBS Anchor In Discussion On Russian Hacking [Video], ,politics,"Dec 18, 2016",0
Damascus says Syrian Kurdish autonomy negotiable: report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government is open to negotiations with Kurds over their demand for autonomy within Syria s borders, the foreign minister has said, striking a conciliatory tone as military tensions worsen between the sides in eastern Syria. Walid al-Moualem said the government could discuss the Kurdish demand once Islamic State is defeated, state news agency SANA reported, citing an interview with Russia Today.  This topic is open to negotiation and discussion and when we are done eliminating Daesh (Islamic State), we can sit with our Kurdish sons and reach an understanding on a formula for the future,  Moualem said. The Syrian Kurdish YPG militia controls a swathe of northern Syria where the main Kurdish party, the PYD, and its allies have established autonomy since the start of the Syrian war in 2011. Syrian Kurds say their aim is to preserve that autonomy as part of a decentralized Syria, and they do not aim to follow the path of Kurds in Iraq who held an independence referendum on Monday. Moualem reiterated his government s rejection of that referendum, saying Damascus supported Iraqi unity, but he noted that Syria s Kurds  want a form of autonomy within the borders of the Syrian Arab Republic . Kurdish-led authorities in northern Syria held elections last week to choose local community leaders, the first stage of a three-phase process that will culminate in January with the election of a parliament. The YPG has been a major partner for the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State in eastern and northern Syria, fighting as part of the Syrian Democratic Forces alliance (SDF). While the YPG and Damascus have mostly avoided confrontation, tensions have flared as the U.S.-backed SDF and the Russian-backed Syrian army wage separate campaigns against Islamic State in Deir al-Zor province. The SDF accused the Syrian government and its Russian ally of striking its fighters on Monday, something Moscow denied. Earlier this year, Moualem characterized the Syrian Kurdish battle against Islamic State as legitimate and suggested an accommodation could be reached with the Syrian Kurds. President Bashar al-Assad has vowed to take back the whole of Syria. ",worldnews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
 Congressional Black Caucus Formulates Battle Plan For Trump Resistance,"Despite claims to the contrary, Donald Trump has made it crystal clear that he is no friend to minorities. But members of the Congressional Black Caucus intend to fight him tooth and nail to protect people of color. As such, they have formulated a battle plan to resist policies that may be harmful to these communities The stakes are incredibly high and our community is counting on us as the last line of defense between Donald Trump and the worst of what America could offer,  Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) said.Throughout his campaign, Trump proposed policies targeting specific minority groups, such as banning all Muslims from entering the U.S. and building a wall to keep out all the rapey Mexicans. He was also the champion of the  birther  movement, which was nothing more than a racially motivated attack on the country s first African-American president. The campaign that we saw over the last 12 months is very frightening. And there s been no effort on his part to even temper his comments since being elected,  said outgoing CBC Chairman G.K. Butterfield (D-N.C.).  It s going to be very contentious, I suspect, if Mr. Trump even follows through on half of his promises during the campaign. Incoming CBC Chairman Cedric Richmond (D-La.) plans to lay out the CBC s plan in more detail when he officially takes office on Tuesday. But he says that the people Trump has appointed to his cabinet are highly concerning. We speak for vulnerable people, we speak for the disenfranchised   and we take that seriously,  Richmond said.  And those appointments seem to be tone-deaf to sensitivity and to, I think, just common sense. At the top of the worrisome list of cabinet appointments are Alabama senator and open racist Jeff Sessions, who is Trump s attorney general pick, and alt-right hero and former Breitbart bigwig, Steve Bannon, Trump s senior adviser. The appointments should concern not just minorities but all Americans,  said Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.).  When you look at Sessions, I mean he doesn t have the most stellar reputation for civil rights and voting rights. It s rough. Members of the CBC note that this is a first. Having a battle plan to resist the racist policies of an incoming president is hardly business as usual. This is not the normal incoming president,  added Rep. Emanuel Cleaver (D-Mo.).  We had no plan for George Bush. I think Charlie Rangel and John Conyers would tell you they didn t even have a plan for Richard Nixon. But this is not the norm. Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"January 2, 2017",0
Myanmar protesters try to block aid shipment to Muslim Rohingya,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Buddhist protesters in Myanmar threw petrol bombs to try to block an aid shipment to Muslims in Rakhine State, where the United Nations has accused the country s military of ethnic cleansing The incident late on Wednesday, ended when police fired in the air to disperse the protesters, reflected rising communal animosity and came during an official visit by U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy. Murphy said later, after talks with government leaders, that Washington was alarmed by reports of rights abuses and called on authorities to stop the violence, which raised concern about Myanmar s transition from military rule to democracy. Myanmar s army chief on Thursday called for internally displaced non-Muslims to go home. In a speech on his plans for Rakhine State while on his first visit there since strife erupted, he made no mention of the estimated 422,000 Rohingya Muslims who have crossed the border into Bangladesh. They have fled Myanmar to escape a sweeping counter-insurgency operation by his army in response to attacks by Rohingya insurgents on Aug. 25. Hundreds of protesters were involved in the attempt to stop Red Cross workers loading a boat with relief supplies bound for the north of Rakhine State, where the insurgent attacks last month triggered the military backlash. The boat being was loaded with aid at a dock in the state capital of Sittwe, a government information office said.  People thought the aid was only for the Bengalis,  the secretary of the state government, Tin Maung Swe, told Reuters, using a term that Rohingya find offensive. Protesters threw petrol bombs and about 200 police eventually dispersed them by shooting into the air, a witness and the government information office said. The witness said he saw some injured people. Eight people were detained, the office said. No aid workers were hurt, a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross said. Tension between majority Buddhists and Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has simmered for decades in Rakhine, but it has exploded at times over the past few years, as old enmities surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule. The latest bout of bloodshed began with August s insurgent attacks on about 30 police posts and an army camp, in which about a dozen people were killed. The government says more than 400 people, most of them insurgents, have been killed since then. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign to drive out the Muslim population and torch their villages. Myanmar rejects that, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians. The crisis has drawn international condemnation and U.S. President Donald Trump called on Wednesday for a quick end to the violence.  The plight of the Rohingya has raised questions about the commitment of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi to human rights. Nobel peace prize laureate Suu Kyi addressed the nation on Tuesday and condemned abuses and said all violators would be punished.  However, she did not address the U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing by the military, which is in charge of security. Murphy, the most senior foreign official to visit Myanmar since the violence erupted, met government officials and representatives of different communities in Sittwe.  It s become quite clear to many that the Burmese security forces have had a response that is disproportionate and failed to protect all local populations,  he later told reporters. The situation could have an impact on Myanmar s transition and risked creating  a more significant terrorism problem .  We continue to call on the Burmese authorities to respect the rule of law, stop the violence - including that perpetuated by local vigilantes,  he said, adding that he had raised concern about two remote Muslim villages cut off by hostile Buddhists that Reuters reported about this week. Military chief Senior General Min Aung Hlaing said his forces had handled the situation as best they could and he urged the internally displaced, most of them Buddhist, to go home.  For the national races who fled their homes, first of all they must go back ... that is their rightful place,  he said in a speech in Sittwe.  National races  refers to officially recognized indigenous ethnic groups. The Rohingya are not recognized as a  national race  and Min Aung Hlaing did not refer to their return. The Bangladesh government and aid groups are struggling with shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies for the refugees, who keep coming, though at a slower pace than over the past couple of weeks, officials say. The group Medecins Sans Frontieres said a  massive scale-up of humanitarian aid in Bangladesh is needed to avoid a massive public health disaster .  ",worldnews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
 Trump Team Getting Approval On White Nationalist Nominees From The Worst Lying Troll On The Web,"There s a man who s been permanently banned from Twitter for threats and harassment, and was once known as the  most hated man on the Internet,  who s working behind the scenes to advise, and even approve of, some of Trump s nominees. That man is Charles  Chuck  Johnson (not to be confused with Little Green Footballs  Charles Johnson), and he s used his platform to spread racist hate and outright lies.And Forbes reports that he s working to help pick Trump s administration.One of the least reputable, most hateful, vengeful trolls on the entire planet is helping Trump s transition team with various nominees. And not just any nominees   the worst nominees. The far-right, white nationalist, anti-Semitic, misogynistic nominees. The ones known to be  alt-right,  which is the most laughable term for that crowd ever.Johnson fancies himself a  debunker of frauds,  but he s no stranger to lies and severely unethical behavior himself. He s the man who claimed that the Sony hack, which happened at the hands of North Korea, was actually an inside job. This is the man who tweeted that he needed help in taking out DeRay McKesson, which is what got him permanently banned (he claims he was just asking for info for reporting purposes, but the wording is highly suspicious).He has a history of relentlessly attacking, and even doxing,  elitist  journalists, left-wing activists,  lying women and thuggish black men,  and anyone he thinks has screwed him over in some way. You know, typical troll stuff that puts people in real-life danger.Johnson also worked for Steve Bannon at Breitbart, and Bannon is a known white nationalist. Bannon is the one that turned Breitbart from a heavily right-wing news site into a conspiracy site that pushes the white nationalist agenda. So, in a way, it makes sense that Johnson would be advising Trump s transition team.It was Johnson himself who first said that he was involved with vetting nominees, which sounds pretty far-fetched on the surface and could have been a way for him to puff himself up. Given his history of self-promotion, that wouldn t have been surprising.However, multiple sources close to Trump s team confirmed to Forbes that Johnson actually is working behind the scenes with the transition team, and possibly with people as high in the chain as Peter Thiel, who was one of Trump s biggest campaign donors (Johnson denies this).It is sick and disgusting that someone who s made a name for himself by spreading lies and doxing people is working on a presidential transition like this. It s also par for the course, which just makes us want to barf.Featured image via screen capture",News,"January 9, 2017",0
 Trump Campaign Manager Gives SICKENING Interview On ‘Enormous Sacrifices’ Trump Made (VIDEO),"It wasn t too long ago that Republican nominee Donald Trump made us feel sick to our stomach when he told Gold Star parent Khizr Khan, the father of a Muslim soldier that was killed defending this country, that he had  made a lot of sacrifices. It was a disgusting claim, as few people have been as entitled as Trump   but his campaign is back at it again, trying to depict Trump as someone who has actually worked hard.On Thursday, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway insisted that the reason people were voting for Trump was because they appreciated all of the sacrifices he made by running for the White House. In a completely delusional interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo, Conway said: Donald Trump is closing with a positive message. He s talking about his love for the country, his love for the people, what he s going to do to help them solve everyday problems. And Hillary Clinton, unfortunately, has gone lower and lower. They re going totally negative. Obviously, the Trump campaign is now ignoring the fact that its entire campaign strategy has been negative, hateful and divisive. Conway s next statement was even more ridiculous, because Trump has tanked horribly with female voters and shown that he has zero respect for them throughout his entire life. Female voters especially don t like that. They feel they deserve and should be respected to have a substantive conversation. Conway called Trump, who has scammed and insulted more people than we can count throughout his campaign,  incredibly gracious and really funny. And he s doing this for all the right reasons. I mean, I think people will look back at this campaign   particularly after he wins on Tuesday   and they ll say, we totally missed how much America just appreciated  how much America appreciated the fact that he and his family made enormous sacrifices to run for president. Really,  enormous sacrifices?  This statement is just as sickening as when Trump mentions that  small  loan of one million dollars that his father gave him as he whines about how hard his life has been as a wealthy white male. Trump and his family basically had riches handed to them, and they haven t used it to do good. Even Trump s charities have failed to give back as much as Trump says they have.Considering she d already made so many false statements, Conway decided to go for the gold when she trashed Clinton and the Democratic Party. She said: I mean, this is not the Democratic Party that you and I grew up in, Chris. It has gone so far to the left, I can t even reach my hand out and touch it. Cuomo deserves an award for keeping a straight face through this. You can watch Conway in action below:Featured image is a screenshot",News,"November 3, 2016",0
BOILER ROOM – EP #55 – Roasting the Wretched Hive of Scum and Villainy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis. Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with a bubbling cauldron of media, politics, comedy and the bones of baby dolls. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!  REFERENCE LINKS:",US_News,"May 4, 2016",0
"U.N. calls Syria talks a 'big missed opportunity', seeks new ideas","GENEVA (Reuters) - A round of Syria peace talks that ended on Thursday was a big missed opportunity but there may be more talks next month if ideas can be found to encourage President Bashar al-Assad s government to engage, U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said. He said neither side had actually  sabotaged  the latest talks by refusing to attend, but he laid most of the blame for the failure of the round at the feet of the government side.    De Mistura voiced milder disappointment with the Syrian opposition, after they arrived in Geneva ruling out any future role for Assad. But he said that tough public stance had been tempered by a mature position in the closed-door discussions.  The goal we had was to bring about real negotiations,  de Mistura told a news conference.  Let me be frank. We did not achieve, we did not achieve these negotiations. In other words, negotiations in reality did not take place.  I would conclude by saying (it was) a big missed opportunity. A golden opportunity at the end of this year when in fact there is a clear indication by many sides that the military operations are coming to a close,  he added. De Mistura said he was leaving Geneva for consultations in New York with U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres, followed by a meeting with the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday.  I will probably need to come up with new ideas, parameters, about how to move the talks forward, particularly on constitution and elections,  he said, adding that plans for a new round of Geneva talks in January depended on their outcome. Civil war has ravaged Syria for more than six years. Chief opposition negotiator Nasr Hariri said the international community needed to do more to persuade government negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari to come to the table, warning that the talks were in  great danger .  The international community needs to find a new approach, otherwise this stalemate will continue and unfortunately it will be at the expense of Syrians,  he said. One European diplomat said the talks had been a  charade  because of the government s behavior.  Although the regime has presented itself here, that is all that it has done. I would go further: it s not just a kind of disengagement that they ve shown, it s an extraordinary contempt,  he said.  I understand that a large amount of their time here was spent negotiating personal admin matters and expenses, rather than the substance of the talks.  As he left the talks, Ja afari accused the opposition, backed by Western countries and Saudi Arabia, of sabotaging the round. Ja afari said Damascus did not want the talks to fail but the opposition had put down a precondition last month by concluding a conference known as  Riyadh 2  with a declaration that Assad had no role in Syria s political transition. De Mistura said the Damascus government had wanted him to insist that the opposition withdraw the statement.  That was not possible or a logical approach because to me it sounded like a precondition. The government engaged me with only on (discussions about) terrorism. The truth is there is not one single subject they accepted except that one.  ",worldnews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
U.S. consumer agency defends student loan reforms from Republican attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. consumer financial watchdog on Thursday attempted to repel a Trump-administration attack on former President Barack Obama’s sweeping student loan reforms and defended itself against Republican attempts to weaken its powers. In a lengthy letter to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) said it had complied with its remit, despite her department’s charges to the contrary. The Education Department announced last week it would no longer work with the bureau on resolving student loan complaints, saying it had complicated the lending process “with potentially inaccurate and inconsistent directives.”  It said the consumer bureau, created after the 2007-09 financial crisis to protect individuals from predatory lending, was not honoring an agreement to promptly refer complaints to the department, but using the department’s data “to expand its jurisdiction into areas that Congress never envisioned.”  The Obama-appointed head of the watchdog, Democrat Richard Cordray, said the bureau shares complaint information in “near real-time” through an on-line portal with the department. It has “not exceeded its authority,” and only fulfilled its mission under federal law to monitor and respond to individuals’ complaints about debts as well as enforce federal consumer law, Cordray wrote.  Congress created the bureau in part to mediate between consumers and credit card companies, banks, mortgage providers and other lenders. The dispute goes beyond a mere territory fight. Republicans revile the CFPB, saying it reaches too far in its rules and enforcement and should be more accountable to lawmakers. Democrats have said it helps ensure fair treatment for middle-class people unable to fight fraud on their own.  Republicans also disapprove of Obama’s attempt to make college more affordable by moving almost all of the $1.4 trillion student-loan industry into the federal government. Currently, only servicing is handled outside the Education Department.  During last year’s elections, Trump and fellow Republicans promised to “get government out of the business of lending” and DeVos is now working to return much of the process to the private sector. She also wants to redo other Obama-era regulations, such as protections for sexual-assault victims on college campuses. DeVos critics consider the department’s split from the CFPB as a way to protect for-profit schools, debt collectors and servicers from government intervention. Earlier this year the bureau, which has received nearly 20,000 complaints about student loan servicers since February 2016, sued the country’s largest servicer Navient Corp for systematically failing borrowers. Navient disputes the allegations and is contesting them in court.  ",politicsNews,"September 8, 2017 ",1
WARNING: FEDS PREDICT $30 TRILLION DOLLAR DEBT Because Of These Two Key Things,"You can blame the escalating debt on Obamacare and taxes We can thank Obama for this The federal government will be flirting with $30 trillion in debt within a decade, the Congressional Budget Office reported Monday, blaming an aging population, new spending and tax cuts approved on Capitol Hill, and the growing burden from Obamacare for erasing the progress Washington had made over the past few years.Analysts said Obamacare will chase more workers out of the labor force over the next five years, adding pressure to an economy still struggling to spring to life more than seven years into the Obama recovery.The Affordable Care Act itself is still struggling to attract a customer base, the CBO said, lowering its estimate for the number of people who will sign up for the exchanges from 21 million to 13 million   a drop of nearly 40 percent in projections. Customers collecting taxpayer subsidies this year will be 11 million, down from the 15 million the CBO projected a year ago.The grim news comes with less than a year left for President Obama to put the law on firmer footing as he seeks to head off what is likely to be a last effort at repealing the act after November s elections.The economic front is somewhat brighter for Mr. Obama, who seven years into the recovery will finally see significant sustained growth of 2.5 percent this year and 2.6 percent next year, the CBO said.That will be followed by a cooling off, with growth dropping below 2 percent in 2019 and 2020. The economic gains will continue to go disproportionately to the wealthy, helping boost income tax revenue but limiting payroll taxes, which will put even more pressure on the entitlement programs that are driving up deficits.The biggest fiscal dent, however, was made late last year when Mr. Obama and the Republican-run Congress struck a deal. The president won significant spending hikes, and Republicans insisted on a new round of special tax breaks that, combined, reversed years of progress and added nearly $750 billion to projected deficits over the next decade. After six consecutive years in which the deficit has declined relative to the size of the economy, this year s deficit   at 2.9 percent of gross domestic product (GDP)   is anticipated to increase for the first time since it peaked at 9.8 percent in 2009,  the CBO said.Deficits will continue to rise over the next 10 years, topping $1 trillion again in 2022 and reaching $1.4 trillion in 2026, the analysts said.The accumulation of those deficits will deepen the gross public debt from $18.1 trillion at the end of 2015 to $29.3 trillion in 2026. By contrast, the debt stood at $10.6 trillion when Mr. Obama took office in 2009.Looking decades into the future, the picture only gets worse, the CBO said.READ MORE: WT",Government News,"Jan 26, 2016",0
 Racists Call For Deaths Of Black People After Fox Reporter Makes Hit Piece On BLM (VIDEO),"Emotions around the nation are raw due to the rash of violence that we have experienced in the past week. First, there were back to back shootings of black men at the hands of police, first Alton Sterling in Louisiana, and then Philando Castile in Minnesota. Of course, the world is watching in both cases. To top it all off, a deranged individual with military training and an ax to grind decided to target police during a peaceful protest in Dallas, Texas. Therefore, it is important that visitors to these tense areas treat the situation with sensitivity. However, that doesn t seem to be the order of the day for one Fox reporter.A video was taken of a protest in St. Paul, Minnesota, where it seems a Fox reporter is attempting to bait protesters. The video is little more than a hit piece, with a reporter who clearly does not care about the protesters or why they are there. Understandably, the protesters tell the reporter to leave, but he refuses. The confrontation becomes more and more heated as he shoves the microphone into the protester s face. Here is the footage. (WARNING: NSFW language):As if that weren t bad enough, particularly the fact that the video is clearly cut to be a total hit piece, the comments are even worse. Many even call for the deaths of black people. Again, these images are NSFW and contain offensive language:This is beyond despicable. These people are testament to just how racist the opposition to #BlackLivesMatter really is. These are people who are literally protesting for lost lives, and here these imbeciles are calling for more deaths. We have a lot of work to do when it comes to racism in America, no matter how much so-called  evidence  there is from the right wing that racism is over.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"July 11, 2016",0
Sessions says he will discuss Comey with Senate panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a letter on Saturday that he will appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday to address matters former FBI Director James Comey brought up this week in testimony to the same panel. In a letter seen by Reuters, Sessions told Senator Richard Shelby, chairman of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, that the intelligence committee is the “most appropriate” place to address matters that came up during Comey’s hearing on Thursday. The letter did not say whether Sessions planned to give public testimony or to appear before the panel behind closed doors. “In light of reports regarding Mr. Comey’s recent testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, it is important that I have an opportunity to address these matters in the appropriate forum,” Sessions said in the letter. The committee “is the most appropriate forum for such matters, as it has been conducting an investigation and has access to relevant, classified information,” he added. The Senate panel is investigating allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. In March, Sessions removed himself from any probe into alleged Russian meddling in the elections, but maintained he did nothing wrong by failing to disclose that he met last year with Russia’s ambassador. In testimony to the Senate panel on Thursday, Comey accused President Donald Trump of firing him to try to undermine the FBI’s investigation of possible collusion by people in Trump’s campaign with Russia’s alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. Comey’s appearance raised new questions about the attorney general’s relationship with Russian officials and others with ties to President Vladimir Putin. One question is whether Sessions had any undisclosed meetings with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak or other Russians during the campaign or after Trump’s inauguration. In the most eagerly anticipated U.S. congressional hearing in years, Comey told lawmakers the Trump administration had lied and defamed him and the Federal Bureau of Investigation after the president dismissed him on May 9. Sessions had planned to appear before the Senate and House Appropriations Subcommittees, but the deputy attorney general will take his place, the letter said. ",politicsNews,"June 10, 2017 ",1
 Salma Hayek Turned Donald Trump Down For A Date And His Revenge Was Classic Trump,"Donald Trump loves beautiful women. We know that because he s told us that, repeatedly. In fact, he once called hot women his  alcoholism,  especially if they are 17 or 18. Salma Hayek is undeniably beautiful. It s no wonder Trump tried to ask her out. It s also no wonder that she said  no.  What Trump did after that, though was pure Donald Trump.When I met that man, I had a boyfriend, and he tried to become his friend to get my home telephone number,  she said, describing meeting Trump early in her career before she was well-known.  He got my number and he would call me to invite me out. When I told him I wouldn t go out with him even if I didn t have a boyfriend, [which he took as disrespectful], he called   well, he wouldn t say he called, but someone told the National Enquirer,  Hayek continued, adding that she never went out with him. Someone told the National Enquirer   I m not going to say who, because you know that whatever he wants to come out comes out in the National Enquirer. It said that he wouldn t go out with me because I was too short,  she said. Later, he called and left me a message.  Can you believe this? Who would say this? I don t want people to think this about you,  she said.  He thought that I would try to go out with him so people wouldn t think that s why he wouldn t go out with me. Like most things that come out of Trump s mouth, his denial didn t ring true, especially after it was revealed that he paid $120,000 from Trump Foundation money for a prize that included dinner with Hayek.Hayek has never particularly been a fan of Trump. In August, she compared him to a first grader.[ad3media campaign= 1214 ]She is a strong supporter, though, of Hillary Clinton. Just days ago, she made a Spanish language video in support of the Secretary of State.I guess we ll have to wait and see what Trump has to say about Hayek in his next 3:00 Twitter rant.Featured image of Selma Hayek via Mike Coppola/Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump via Gerardo Mora/Getty Images.",News,"October 21, 2016",0
 Al Gore Has The PERFECT Piece Of Advice For Donald Trump,"Al Gore had hopes for Donald Trump at one time. He even met with him at Trump Tower, hoping he could influence the newly elected Trump to stay in the Paris Climate Accord. It failed, and Gore regrets the whole thing. I went to Trump Tower after the election,  said Gore, who was on Colbert s show to promote his new movie,  An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power.   I thought that there was a chance he would come to his senses. But I was wrong. Source: Huffington PostNot only has Gore lost all hope for Trump on his most passionate issue, climate change, he s lost all hope for Trump altogether, and as a former Vice President, he has one piece of advice for the dumpster fire of a presidency, end it.  Resign. The interviewer asked if there was  one piece of advice  for Trump, what would it be? He responded:  Resign. Source: Washington ExaminerThis piece of advice came before last weekend s violent fascist march in Charlottesville, VA and before Trump insisted on siding with the Nazis, the KKK and other assorted heavily armed white supremacists. It was before Gore s latest movie, the sequel to his original climate change documentary ( An Inconvenient Truth ), called  An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power,  which was released earlier in the month.A number of people and media outlets have been calling for Trump to resign.The Los Angeles Times said:If Trump won t resign, Congress should find a reason   any good reason   to impeach and remove himRolling Stone says,  Republicans Must Tell Trump to Go   Now.  Sadly, they aren t. While many have disavowed Trump s reaction to the Charlottesville violence and his support of the fascist fringe groups that make up a good portion of Trump s base, they are part of the Republican base as well, and Republicans need every vote they can get.Trump s biographer, Tony Schwartz, who was the real author of Trump s  The Art of the Deal,  has hope. He tweeted that trump will resign before the end of the year.The circle is closing at blinding speed. Trump is going to resign and declare victory before Mueller and congress leave him no choice.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 16, 2017Let s hope he s right.Featured image via Neilson Barnard/Getty Images",News,"August 17, 2017",0
 Trump Tells His Supporters Poor People Are Too Stupid To Be In His Cabinet (VIDEO),"Alleged President Donald Trump has been on the job for only 153 days and he held another ego-rally on Wednesday. The crowd of adoring Trump fans cheered him on as he spoke down to them in a condescending manner. The former reality show star who ran on a  Drain the Swamp  platform offered an explanation in Iowa for why he has one of the wealthiest cabinets in U.S. history. The amateur president suggested that he hired billionaire private-equity investor Wilbur Ross to be his Commerce secretary because he isn t poor. Trump said,  I just don t want a poor person  in a top economics role. I love all people   rich or poor   but in those particular positions, I just don t want a poor person,  he said at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.  Does that make sense? If you insist, I ll do it   but I like it better this way. That led to cheers from his supporters.CNN reports:Trump named billionaire Wilbur Ross, who has made a fortune cobbling together dying companies, as his commerce secretary, and Todd Ricketts, part of the billionaire family that owns the Chicago Cubs, as deputy commerce secretary.The Cabinet also includes billionaire Betsy DeVos as his pick for education secretary and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is a former Goldman Sachs executive. Somebody said,  Why d you appoint a rich person to be in charge of the economy,'  said Trump.  I said,  Because that s the kind of thinking we want.' They re representing the country. They don t want the money. They re representing the country. They had to give up a lot to take these jobs. They gave up a lot,  he said.Trump noted that Ross and his chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs president, were at the Iowa rally. That s right, Trump brought the swamp to Iowa and his supporters cheered him on. But, while on the campaign trail, Trump frequently bashed Goldman Sachs for having too much influence in politics and for paying Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for private speeches.Watch:Let s review history for a moment.It was in 1789 that George Washington, the first elected President of the U.S., tapped his former aide to be the first Secretary of the Treasury. Alexander Hamilton grew up poor and he was an immigrant from the Caribbean island of Nevis   his image is featured on our $10 bill.But, in Trump s world, Hamilton, who was an author of the Federalist Papers, would be too poor to be chosen for his administration. Trump suggested to his crowd of supporters that only rich people are smart. Those same supporters still see nothing wrong with the alleged billionaire not revealing his tax returns.According to Trump, billionaires are smart and the rest of us are dumb mother f*ckers.  Trump also raged about the media s coverage of his  presidency  during his rally.Well, we can prove that wealthy people aren t always smart or have compassion. Citation: Donald J. Trump.Featured image via screen capture",News,"June 22, 2017",0
GAME ON! UC Berkeley BANS Ann Coulter From Immigration Speech…She’s Going Anyway,"THE BIRTHPLACE OF FREE SPEECH IS NOW OFFICIALLY A PLACE OF OPPRESSION Berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay, conservative activist Milo Yiannopoulis in February. Students violently attacked fellow students who tried to attend Milo s scheduled speech, random fires were lit, windows were broken and rocks were thrown. Using violence, threats and intimidation to shut down opposing views is not only un-American it should be illegal. But we re not talking about just any college or city in America, we re talking about UC Berkeley, the former home of free-speech UC Berkeley has now banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter, citing security threats.According to Young America s Foundation, student organizers of an upcoming Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to  find a safe suitable venue  for Coulter. UC-Berkeley, a publicly-funded university, first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the speech allegedly in the name of  safety.  Coulter, we were informed, would be required to deliver her speech in the afternoon; only students would be allowed to attend; and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event,  they continued.  Against our advice, Coulter agreed to all these requirements. In return, she requested two measures, which actually had something to do with safety. This is as clear-cut a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech, while allowing liberal speech only,  Young America s Foundation proclaimed.  UC-Berkeley has for example, welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump, currently the President of the United States. The university, and U-C chancellor Janet Napolitano personally, have revealed themselves to be using taxpayer money for an unconstitutional purpose. Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises to shut down her speech, they simply announced, like Kim Jung Un, that it was cancelled. We have no intention of acceding to these unconstitutional acts,  the organization concluded.  The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America s Foundation will go forward. Ron Robinson, the President of Young America s Foundation, further declared in a quote that  Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech. Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact,  Robinson claimed.  It s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a well-rounded education.   Breitbart ",left-news,"Apr 19, 2017",0
 Mexico’s Former President Unleashes Brutal Insults On Trump After Debate (TWEETS),"Mexico s former President, Vicente Fox, isn t shy at all about his disdain for Republican nominee Donald Trump   and he really turned things up a notch after last night s presidential debate.Anyone who watched the debate (or has access to the internet) knows by now that Trump blew it. His performance was so weak and he was so unprepared, even Republican pundits have admitted that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton won by a landslide   and Fox wasn t afraid to point this out. On Tuesday, Fox decided to go after Trump while it s going to hurt the most, knowing full well that the business mogul s ego is likely suffering from embarrassment.On Twitter, Fox teased Trump mercilessly for his horrendous performance, directly asking Trump  what does losing feel like?  on Twitter. To rub this in even more, Fox posted a screenshot of one of Trump s pathetic fundraising emails, proving to the world that Trump s campaign is still struggling and begging for money: @realDonaldTrump you have no shame, I just got another e-mail begging for help. Tell me what does losing feels like? Have a little dignity! @realDonaldTrump you have no shame, I just got another e-mail begging for help. Tell me what does losing feels like? Have a little dignity! pic.twitter.com/avrV9WKG9T  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) September 27, 2016Continuing to pour salt into the wound, Fox also praised Clinton for showing  capacity, compassion and wisdom  while bashing Trump for looking  afoul.  The attack was brutal:TwitterTwitterIt s been awhile since Fox has been in the media for attacking Trump, but he sure knows how to make an appearance. This election cycle, the former President of Mexico has repeatedly made headlines for slamming Trump and publicly stating that Mexico will not pay for his f*cking wall. Fox has also said that Trump  reminds me of Hitler  and even challenged Trump to a debate once (which Trump was too cowardly to accept). We can only expect that over the next few weeks, Fox is going to support Clinton to the fullest, and do whatever he can to convince Americans not to vote for Trump.Featured image via Win McNamee / Pool Getty Images",News,"September 27, 2016",0
Risk of deeper involvement as U.S. weighs its options in Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As President Donald Trump’s administration drafts an Afghanistan policy, U.S. officials are seeking a way to reverse gains by militant groups without wading deeper into a 15-year-long war that has no end in sight. In the past month, three U.S. service members have been killed in operations against Islamic State militants near Afghanistan’s porous border with Pakistan, where armed groups still find sanctuary.Officially, the U.S.-led international force in Afghanistan ceased combat operations at the end of 2014, but the conflict has proved difficult to exit without risking the overthrow of the government in Kabul. Current and former officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the Trump administration is carrying out an inter-agency review, and while no decision has been made, the discussions revolve around adding 3,000 to 5,000 troops.  One of the officials said there is an emphasis on avoiding artificial deadlines. Former President Barack Obama wanted to reduce the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan before he left office. He had ordered in more troops in 2011 that peaked at about 100,000.         Nearly 9,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan; some 7,000 of them train and assist Afghan forces, and about 1,500 are a part of a counter-terrorism unit that mostly targets pockets of al Qaeda and Islamic State fighters, but also engages the Taliban. In February, Army General John Nicholson, the U.S. commander in Afghanistan, said he needs several thousand more international troops to break a stalemate with the Taliban. Some U.S. officials question the benefit of sending more troops to Afghanistan. To date, more than 2,300 Americans have been killed and over 17,000 wounded since the U.S. invaded  after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. These officials, who agreed to discuss political deliberations only on the condition of anonymity, said the situation in Afghanistan is even worse than they had expected, and that any politically palatable number would not be enough to turn the tide, much less create stability and security. “Before you can get to the question of how many troops is enough you have to have clarity on what is the goal,” said Christine Wormuth, former undersecretary of defense in the Obama administration.  “Is the goal to decisively defeat [the Taliban] and make Afghanistan into a viable state (or) is the goal to continue to prop up the government of Afghanistan?” Wormuth said. ",politicsNews,"April 27, 2017 ",1
"'Mad dog' anti-Trump leaflets, suspected floated in from North Korea, turn up in Seoul","SEOUL (Reuters) - Propaganda fliers presumed to be from North Korea and calling U.S. President Donald Trump a  mad dog  have turned up across central Seoul, including near the presidential Blue House, according to posts on social media and people who found them.  Death to old lunatic Trump!  reads one poster, with a North Korean soldier with rifle in hand, crushing what looks to be Trump s head with his tongue dangling out of his mouth. Near the soldier s head is the line:  Complete obliteration.  Another poster shows Trump with the body of a dog being decapitated by an axe. Blood is shown splattered on the axe in the poster, which states:  Let s behead mad dog Trump for the future of a peaceful and warless world and mankind!  Both were in color. It is not difficult to find North Korean propaganda posters in South Korea, usually flown by balloon over the highly fortified demilitarized zone. Military images and anti-U.S. threats are common in North Korea propaganda as Pyongyang demands the United States cease what it says is its preparations for invasion. But the new series of fliers posted recently on Twitter and other social media target Trump specifically. Trump last month, in a speech to the United Nations, threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea if needed to defend itself and allies and called the North s leader Kim Jong Un a  rocket man  on a suicide mission.  I am pretty sure it came from North Korea by balloon, since the prevailing winds during October have been from north to south and we ve been getting reports of others finding them throughout Seoul,  said Chad O Carroll, managing director of NK News, a Seoul-based news subscription service, who found the leaflets while jogging in central Seoul. In an apparent jab at Trump s U.N. speech, one of the propaganda posters featured Trump standing behind a podium with a rocket in his mouth painted with the words  totally destroy North Korea . Again, Trump is depicted as a dog with a human face and labeled as  mad dog Trump . Men in suits with surprised looks on their faces are shown in the poster saying  He s gone completely insane  and  If we let him be, there will be war . Reclusive North Korea, which has carried out a series of nuclear and missile tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions, and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North regularly threatens to destroy the South and its main ally, the United States. ",worldnews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
PRO-ILLEGAL ADVOCATE JORGE RAMOS: “Illegals are coming here for us” [Video],"THE TRUTH IS MEXICO DEPENDS ON THE BILLIONS SENT BACK BY ILLEGALS:FROM THE WALL STREET JOURNAL FEB 1, 2017:MEXICO CITY Mexicans living abroad sent home a record amount of money in 2016, taking advantage of a strong U.S. labor market and a weakening Mexican peso amid worries about actions that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump may take against immigrants or remittances.After a 25% jump in November, the month that Mr. Trump was elected, December remittances grew 6.2% from a year before to $2.34 billion, bringing the total for the year to $27 billion, the Bank of Mexico said Wednesday.",politics,"Feb 25, 2017",0
WASHINGTON RESTAURANT Tells Local Sheriff Deputies They’re Not Welcome…Tells Them To “Spread the word” [VIDEO],"Except when someone tries to rob them or break into their home or restaurant then, of course the sheriff deputies will be welcome Are you feeling  lucky? SEDRO-WOOLLEY, Wash.   The sheriff of a county about 70 miles north of Seattle says a restaurant owner has asked that law enforcement no longer dine there.Skagit County Sheriff Will Reichardt said on Facebook that after four deputies finished lunch at Lucky s Teriyaki in Sedro-Woolley Thursday, the owner asked them not to eat there anymore.Reichardt says the deputies were told that customers didn t like law enforcement there. The sheriff says his chief deputy called the owner later Thursday and says the request was confirmed along with a request to spread the word among other law enforcement agencies.UPDATE: The owner of the Lucky Teriyaki broke down in tears Thursday night and said cops are welcome at his restaurant   will even get free meals on Monday   after a public backlash to a report by the Skagit County sheriff said the man had told deputies that law enforcement officers were no longer welcome at his establishment.The man s son said it had all been a misunderstanding and he apologized for the incident.WATCH HERE: The incident came to light on Thursday when Skagit County Sheriff Will Richard posted a message on his Facebook page that he was left  speechless  after learning that the owner of the teriyaki restaurant asked his deputies not to return to eat there because  other customers didn t like law enforcement there.   Q13FOX",politics,"Jul 15, 2016",0
"Clinton offers her vision for U.S economy, rebukes Trump's","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton said on Wednesday that if the U.S. Congress does not act to close tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy and corporations, she will ask the Treasury Department to take up the issue if she is elected president. “Let’s make sure that Wall Street, corporations and the super rich pay their fair share of taxes,” Clinton said in Raleigh, North Carolina, the state capital. The former U.S. secretary of state used her campaign stop to offer her vision for bolstering the economy after using a speech on the topic on Tuesday to attack presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, predicting a “Trump recession” if he becomes president. Trump delivered his own speech attacking Clinton on Wednesday, saying she is part of a political establishment that has cheated American workers through bad trade deals. In her speech on Wednesday, Clinton said, “I think it’s an understatement to say Americans face a choice in November. “I’m here today to offer an alternative. “When people say the game is rigged, the best evidence is the (U.S.) tax code. It is riddled with scams, loopholes and other special breaks,” added Clinton, the presumptive Democratic  nominee. She said that if the Republican-controlled Congress does not enact reforms to end tax breaks for the wealthy, she would use her presidential authority to direct the Treasury Department to do so. Democratic President Barack Obama has faced criticism for using executive action. In one example, he used executive power to shield certain groups from the threat of deportation when immigration legislation stalled in Congress. Clinton said modifying the tax code is one prong in a five-part plan the federal government would follow to jump-start the American economy if she is elected on Nov. 8: - Large-scale investment in rebuilding infrastructure to create well-paying jobs;  - Enabling debt-free college educations; - Giving companies incentives to share profits with employees; - Creating national family-friendly policies such as paid family leave. In a nod to populists within the Democratic Party who may have supported U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders during the Democratic Primary, Clinton also said she would aim to raise the federal minimum wage, strengthen labor unions and reject international trade deals that do not benefit U.S. workers. “As I said during the primary, I am a progressive who likes to get things done, and we can do this,” Clinton said. ",politicsNews,"June 22, 2016 ",1
India files sex assault case against airline passenger for allegedly molesting Bollywood actress,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - Indian police have filed a sexual assault case against an airline passenger after a 17-year-old Bollywood actress said the male passenger had molested her during a New Delhi-Mumbai flight, police said on Monday. A special court ordered police to detain the passenger for interrogation until Wednesday, when the case will be heard next. It can take months for formal charges to be filed in India. Zaira Wasim, the actress, was seen sobbing in a video she posted on Instagram after getting off a Vistara flight. She alleged she was attacked by the passenger seated behind her.  He kept nudging my shoulder and continued to move his foot up and down my back and neck,  Wasim said in the post.  Is this how we are going to take care of girls?  The video sparked outrage on social media with fans coming out in support of Wasim, who shot to fame through her role as a child wrestler in the 2016 blockbuster Bollywood drama  Dangal . Police have registered a case against a man identified as Vikas Sachdeva, under Section 354 - for assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty - and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, a Mumbai police control room official said.  Vistara is jointly owned by Tata and Singapore Airlines.  We are investigating fully and will support Zaira in every way required,  Vistara chief strategy and commercial officer Sanjiv Kapoor said.  We have zero tolerance for this kind of thing.  Neither Sachdeva or his lawyers could be reached for comment. In court, Sachdeva s lawyer accused Wasim of making the allegations for publicity, and asked why she had not complained to crew members during the flight. Local media quoted the suspect s wife, Divya Sachdeva, as saying her husband was innocent and that she was returning from a funeral and had been asleep on the flight. She accused Wasim of having made the allegations for publicity. A spokeswoman for the airline said it had provided details to the police and aviation authorities and its senior management had flown to Mumbai to assist Wasim in the investigation.  We are deeply concerned and regret the unfortunate experience Ms. Zaira Wasim had onboard our flight last night.  India s National Commission for Women, a government-appointed body fighting for women s rights, has asked the airline to explain why the crew did not step in to help the actress, according to local media reports.  This is not done at all,  Wasim, who hails from the northern Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir, was seen saying in the video while wiping away tears.  This is not...how people should be made to feel.  ",worldnews,"December 11, 2017 ",1
WHAT IF The Presidential Race Was A NASCAR Event?,"If booster and sponsors were shown in presidential campaigns just like they are in NASCAR, we d have the picture below: ",politics,"Jun 19, 2016",0
U.S. could start missing payments on October 2: think tank,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government might not have enough money to pay all its bills on Oct. 2 if Washington does not raise a cap on federal borrowing, a respected think tank said in a report on Thursday. The Treasury might not have enough money on that day to make a roughly $80 billion payment that will be due to a military retirement fund, according to the Bipartisan Policy Center. Coming up short on cash on Oct. 2 could also lead the government to delay payments due that day on social security benefits and military pay, the BPC said. The report highlights the urgency facing the Trump administration to work with Congress to raise the federal government’s $19.8 trillion cap on borrowing. Missing payments could trigger financial turmoil and hit the U.S. economy, possibly triggering a recession. A credit agency has warned that America’s credit rating is at risk. “October 2 is a particularly difficult day for federal finances,” said the Bipartisan Policy Center, which is considered an expert in projecting fiscal deadlines. Losing the ability to borrow any more on Oct. 2 would mean approximately 23 percent of funds owed by the government that month would go unpaid, dealing an immediate blow to the U.S. economy, the BPC said. Washington has been scraping against its debt ceiling since March, putting off payments into a few government funds so it can keep borrowing from investors and making debt payments.  The BPC noted there was “substantial uncertainty” in knowing just when Washington could stop being able to pay all its bills. It projects that date could fall between Oct. 2 and the middle of the month. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told lawmakers in July they needed to raise the debt limit by Sept 29. President Donald Trump on Thursday described efforts to raise the limit as a “mess.” Republicans control the White House and both houses of the U.S. Congress. Washington has put itself through debt-limit crises several times in recent decades. In the run-up to a 2011 crisis, the Treasury looked at a range of options, including prioritizing payments, which would mean making debt securities payments at the expense of other obligations.  Former Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said in 2013 that attempting to prioritize might trigger chaos. Mnuchin told lawmakers on July 27 he had no intent to prioritize payments and that doing so “doesn’t make sense.” ",politicsNews,"August 24, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: CLINTON AIDE HUMA ABEDIN Dumps Sexting Husband Anthony Weiner After Disgusting Photos Exposed,"Huma Abedin announced she is dumping her sexting hubby Anthony Weiner, hours after The Post revealed his latest online dalliances. After long painful consideration and work on my marriage, I have made the decision to separate from my husband,  Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, said in statement.ANTHONY WEINER  DELETED HIS TWITTER ACCOUNT AFTER THE PHOTOS AND TWEETS WERE PUBLISHED IN AN EXCLUSIVE BY THE NEW YORK POST:Is this guy Bill Clinton s twin separated at birth or what? Both of these men are just total pervs! Weiner resigned from Congress over his last escapade with sexting women. This time Weiner is even more disgusting in his messages to a beautiful brunette. He brags about his manhood and even says: I d put someone s eye out with this thing. This is baby-sitting   Anthony Weiner-style.While his wife, Huma Abedin, travels the country campaigning for Hillary Clinton, the disgraced ex-congressman has been sexting with a busty brunette out West   and even sent her a lurid crotch shot with his toddler son in the picture.The stay-at-home cad shot the revealing photo while discussing massage parlors  near my old apartment  shortly after 3 a.m. on July 31, 2015, a screenshot of the exchange shows.Weiner was clearly aroused by his conversation with the 40-something divorcee when he abruptly changed the subject. Someone just climbed into my bed,  Weiner wrote. Really?  she responded.Weiner then hit  Send  on the cringe-inducing image, which shows a bulge in his white, Jockey-brand boxer briefs and his son cuddled up to his left, wrapped in a light-green blanket. You do realize you can see you[r] Weiner in that pic??  the woman wrote.Moments after forwarding the photo, Weiner freaked out over the possibility he had accidentally posted it publicly   just as he did during the infamous episode that forced him to resign from Congress in 2011. Ooooooh . . . I was scared. For half a second I thought I posted something. Stop looking at my crotch,  Weiner wrote back. Whatever. You did it on purpose,  she replied.Read more: NYP",politics,"Aug 29, 2016",0
PLANNED PARENTHOOD GIVES AWARD To Colorado Abortion Clinic For Killing More Babies Than Previous Year,"I wish I could say I was shocked, but the sad truth is pro-abortion voters are the major reason America has been crippled by Obama for 8 years, and potentially looking at a continuation of his radical policies with a Hillary presidency. To hell with our nation, the abortion industry must be kept alive, no matter the cost Maybe you ve seen those awards given to local businesses for having a certain number of accident free days or hitting certain regional or area sales quotas. here s an award that will take your breath away for a terribly and horrific reason.Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains gave its Aurua abortion clinic an award for increasing the number of babies killed in abortions. The award coincides with the abortion quotes the Planned Parenthood abortion business is implementing on all o its affiliates:From a blog post by Abby Johnson on the award:Ever since I left Planned Parenthood, I have been talking about the abortion quotas that are established inside abortion facilities. Many abortion supporters refused to believe it, citing that surely Planned Parenthood wants abortion to be safe, legal and RARE. If they want something to be RARE, they certainly wouldn t have quotas, right?We recently had a clinic worker leave the affiliate, Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains. This affiliate runs the 2nd largest Planned Parenthood facility in the U.S. At this clinic in Denver, they give out various awards to their satellite clinics and post these awards on a bulletin board for everyone to see.When our former worker saw this award on public display, it really started to change her thinking about Planned Parenthood s motivation. This award was given to their Aurora clinic for  exceeding abortion visits first half of fiscal year 2012 compared to first half of fiscal year 2013. This means that the Aurora Planned Parenthood exceeded the abortion quota that was imposed on them. And THAT is award worthy according to Planned Parenthood.Via: LifeNews ",left-news,"Jul 2, 2016",0
 Watch Morning Joe’s Mika DESTROY Paul Ryan For Endorsing Trump: ‘He Sold Out’ (VIDEO),"Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has been getting slammed ever since the moment he announced his endorsement of Donald Trump   and that s not going to stop anytime soon.On Friday morning, Morning Joe s Mika Brzezinski didn t hesitate to rip Ryan a new one for being  pathetic  and  weak  enough to cave in and support the disgraced presumptive Republican nominee. A visibly frustrated Brzezinski said,  Yet another Republican goes down, for no reason, with no actual information about what convinced him. Guest panelist Mark Halperin tried to defend Ryan against Brzezinski s wrath by saying that Ryan basically  had no choice,  but Brzezinski wasn t having any of it. She went right into a scathing rant about what a bad move it was. She said: To your line about Ryan had no choice, which is pathetic, because this election is unlike any other, the rule book has been thrown out. So that no choice thing? Put it back into the 80 s and 90 s and early 2000 s, because there are new rules.This is just so sad. Paul Ryan   the guy who I think is the Republican s great hope   is an honest, good, principled man of character. What is he   if he had a good reason, I m all for it.Brzezinski criticized Ryan for not being able to  live by his principles  and had a very special message for the House Speaker: Paul? He s not going to do anything for you because you did this. He s not going to pay you back. It s pathetic, he sold out. I m sorry, he did have a choice and he made one that was weak. You can watch Brzezinski tear Ryan a new one below:This is a definite change from Morning Joe s history of supporting Trump. Earlier this year, the hosts were humiliated and exposed when leaked audio was circulated of Brzezinki and co-host Joe Scarborough expressing their support and fawning all over Trump during commercial breaks when he was on their show. Perhaps that s changed now, unless this is just another facade   but judging from Trump s reaction, it might have been real. When Trump caught wind of Brzezinki s comments, he attacked the show:Featured image via Paul Morigi and Alex Wong / Getty Images",News,"June 3, 2016",0
BOILER ROOM – EP #51 – Social Rejects & Political Pessimists Club,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East.  Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with more twists and turns than Space Mountain! Listen in as we discuss the absurd social agendas rampant in universities that project the concept of inanimate objects being  racist.   We break down Andy Nowicki s hypothesis that the Ted Cruz sex scandal could actually be a PR stunt to improve his  alpha male  cred and talk about the CIA influence in movements like the 60s counter culture and a thought provoking conversation about the perils of 3rd wave feminism. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",US_News,"April 6, 2016",0
"The Big Squeeze: This election year, it’s all about the money","MIDDLETOWN, CONN. - Two years ago, Judy Konopka and Craig Diangelo lost their jobs in the IT department of what was then known as Northeast Utilities, a regional electricity provider, when the company decided to replace about 220 employees with guest workers from India. In order to receive a more lucrative separation package, they had to train their foreign replacements both here and overseas.  Both had trouble finding new work. Konopka, 56, is still looking. Diangelo, 64, is working as a contractor for a company that provides no benefits, making substantially less than he did before. He views himself as a victim of globalization, a casualty of offshoring—and he credits Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee who has cast himself as the champion of displaced and disaffected U.S. workers, for bringing the issue to light.  “I’ll vote for him,” says Diangelo, over dinner at a Thai restaurant on this town’s Main Street. Two others at the table murmur in assent.  He continues, his voice rising: “I wasn’t planning on retiring early. I wasn’t planning on making $35,000 less. I’ve had to cut back a lot. I basically live paycheck to paycheck.”  “I could never vote for Hillary Clinton,” Diangelo says, citing Clinton’s support of the North American Free Trade Agreement, passed while her husband, Bill, was president, as well as her advocacy of the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade pact that’s still being negotiated by the Obama administration. (Challenged by Bernie Sanders, Clinton has since retracted her support of TPP.) Even Konopka, who favors Clinton (she calls Trump “the biggest idiot”), has to admit Clinton’s support of trade deals such as NAFTA gives her pause. When Northeast Utilities fired her after 21 years, “I felt betrayed.” Konopka took advantage of a federal trade assistance program to improve her skills in web design, then discovered she couldn’t compete with designers outside the country who were willing to work for much less. Now, to get by, she sells vintage books on the web. “It’s starting to get really scary,” she says.  This presidential election is, purportedly, the Year of the Angry Voter, with images of scuffles at Trump rallies occupying cable-news screens. But as befitting someone who lives in a place called Middletown, Konopka is more typical of voters: consumed by a stomach-churning uncertainty, a vague sense of something lost, and an inescapable belief that an array of powerful forces—corporations, politicians, government—aren’t looking out for them.  Economists and pundits have been struggling to explain why, with unemployment below 5 percent and a bounty of positive economic indicators, voters seem so dismayed, so distrustful. It might be something as simple as bargaining power.  In his best-known book, The Art of the Deal, Trump advises every negotiator to “use your leverage.” But increasingly, U.S. workers, white-and blue-collar alike, feel they have none. They’ve seen their power erode as they are tossed into a global labor pool, as companies consolidate and shed jobs to please Wall Street, as unions wither, state budgets tighten, technology advances and iconic brands such as Nabisco pack up and move to Mexico.  The squeeze is on.  “There’s a feeling among workers that not only are they replaceable, but that they will be replaced,” says Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University in nearby Worcester, Massachusetts. “That there is no security anymore, that someone is making a profit by letting them go.”  “Trump,” he adds, “has tapped into that very well.”  According to Reuters/Ipsos polling, 71 percent of Trump supporters either have had to take a lower-paying job in the last few years, have a family member who has had to do so, or have a family member whose home has been threatened by foreclosure. In a sign of how widespread the phenomenon has become, 63 percent of Clinton supporters reported the same dismal tally.  “People feel more insecure about trade than terrorism,” Chaison tells me. “Everyone knows someone who has lost their job.”  What bothers Diangelo most is that he was let go by a company that still valued his skill—just not him. “The sad part is that my job is still there,” he says. “It didn’t go away. I went away.”  None of this should feel particularly new. The United States has been bleeding middle-class workers—especially in the industrial and manufacturing sectors—as long as Bruce Springsteen has been around to sing about it. Candidates adorned with hard hats vowing to bring back factory jobs have become a set-piece of modern politics.  The United States has lost more than 5 million manufacturing jobs in the past 15 years as the trade deficit has mushroomed, according to the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal think tank in Washington. Wage growth in almost all sectors has flatlined over that time, including for the bottom 70 percent of fouryear college graduates—and growth overall has been anemic, at under 2 percent. And while the 9 million jobs vaporized in the flash of the Great Recession have been recovered, the majority of them are of lesser quality than the ones they replaced.  Perhaps most fundamentally, the relationship between employee and employer has shifted. Workers’ share of the pie has decreased substantially since the 1970s, when the country’s corporate and industrial base began to erode. Last year, workers’ share dropped to 75.5 percent of corporate income, even as technology has made workforces more productive and efficient. U.S. corporate profits, meantime, returned to pre-recession levels in 2012. Workers “sense that the recovery is only partial. It helps employers more than it helps workers,” Chaison says.  If workers’ sense of slippage seems familiar, the way their discontent is rippling through our politics feels newly transformative. Voters threw out the Republicans running Congress in 2006, then two years later elected the first African-American president, an outsider who vowed reform. Souring on him, they replaced Democrats then controlling Congress with another set of Republicans in 2010 and 2014, making governance as unstable as the business sector. In a period of war, terrorism and economic chaos, all that churn might best be viewed as a deeply frustrated electorate trying to use what little leverage they have to change a system they consider to be otherwise unaccountable.  Trump has been the main beneficiary of that frustration. He makes those in the crowd feel like they matter, that they finally have a bully of their own who can push back at what they view as an alliance of unprincipled corporate culture and an enabling government. “You’re looking at a situation where the jobs are being ripped out of our states, out of our country, like candy from a baby,” Trump said at a rally this spring.  It has been Trump, along with Democrat Sanders, who has pushed the issue of job losses to countries such as China, Mexico and India to the forefront. Trump has threatened to slap a tax on imports and tear up trade deals. In Indiana earlier this year, he ripped air conditioner manufacturer Carrier for announcing it would lay off 2,100 workers and move its operations to Mexico. He gave Nabisco the same treatment, pledging he would no longer eat Oreos. He has slammed companies such as Apple and Boeing for their overseas operations, as well.  Few presidential candidates have such temerity to challenge well-known American brands, but clearly it is resonating. “They might not like everything he says, but they believe he says what he thinks,” Lewis Gossett, president of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, told me last summer. “I think we’re repeating a time in history when the very rich are removed from the very poor.”  Michael Smith is one of the Americans Trump rallies for. Smith was among 600 Nabisco employees laid off at the bakery on Chicago’s South Side earlier this year, after the company announced it was transferring some work to Mexico. He got the news at 3 a.m. “It was,” Smith tells me, “a dark night when all your livelihood passes in front of you, and you feel like you’ve been given the royal shaft.”  Smith operated the machines that wrapped Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers. With overtime, he could clear $85,000 a year. He’s 59 and wasn’t thinking he would have to re-enter the job market.  The day before, Smith had shown up at a shareholders meeting in Chicago to confront Irene Rosenfeld, the chief executive of Mondelez International, the holding company that oversees the Nabisco brand, about the move to Mexico. While sympathetic, Rosenfeld said it was her duty to maximize the corporation’s value to its shareholders worldwide by cutting costs.  “There are two types of CEO mindsets,” Smith responded, “those who care about shareholders and those who care about the shareholders and the people.”  In our conversation, Smith didn’t begrudge the company’s legal right to relocate the jobs, but he questions a CEO who earned more than $40 million in compensation over the last two years exhorting the virtues of cost-cutting to a room full of laid-off blue-collar workers. “That’s not good citizenship,” he says. “Wealth comes from the workers. That profitability comes from us.”  Clinton met with a small group of the Nabisco workers in March, the day before the Illinois primary. But the visit didn’t leave Smith with much hope that as president she could do much either for the workers’ situation or to reverse the demands of a globalized economy. In part, that’s due to Clinton’s support of NAFTA, which Smith terms an “infection,” but also because of the lobbying might of Mondelez, a $30 billion company, and other big corporations.  Smith is the unusual American voter who says he hasn’t decided between Clinton and Trump. He’ll focus on the election later. First, he has to keep his household afloat and his daughter in school at Columbia College in Chicago. He has six months’ salary to cushion him.  He’s trying to stay optimistic about finding work, saying his wife and daughter are counting on him. But, he concedes, “I think I have been a little bit in denial. Even people of faith have bouts of depression.”  Angela Valero gives a one-word reply when I ask her about a potential Clinton-Trump matchup: “Ugh.” I might as well be asking about who’s going to win the next regatta on Mars, so far is the election from her daily concerns.  Valero’s dream job was to be a corrections officer. She was finally hired on by the state of Connecticut last fall. The single mother of an 8-year-old girl thought that, at last, she had a reliable, stable position with benefits.  But after completing an academy training course and being posted as a guard at the state maximum-security facility in nearby Uncasville, she found out this spring that she was being laid off, a consequence of a decision made by Connecticut’s Democratic governor, Dannel Malloy, and the state legislature to not raise taxes on the wealthy to cover a budget shortfall. Lawmakers worried that the state’s richest residents would relocate to Florida, which has no state income tax, or other states with lower taxes.  During the downturn, Connecticut lost a bevy of high-paying jobs in the financial services sector in the corporate hub of Stamford and elsewhere. The jobs created during the recovery were less lucrative, resulting in lower tax revenue. In addition, the state was spooked when General Electric, responding to an effort by the legislature to raise business taxes, announced it was relocating its headquarters from Fairfield to Boston. Aetna, the health insurer based in Hartford, also threatened to leave the state.  That shelved any notion of new taxes. The state looked to trim its public workforce instead. “Easy targets,” says Lori Pelletier, president of the state AFL-CIO.  Rape counselors, child-service workers, prison guards began receiving pink slips. Ultimately, 2,500 or more state workers could be let go. Pelletier contrasted that with the 200 jobs GE is moving to Boston—something that drew substantial media attention.  The state of Massachusetts and the city of Boston helped recruit GE with a generous benefit package, including $25 million in property tax relief for a corporation that critics have long held pays little in U.S. taxes. “Angela last year paid more taxes than GE,” Pelletier says. “And she’s the one losing her job.”  Valero tells me she has little faith that anyone in Washington can help her. She doesn’t sleep more than four hours a night, kept up by worrying about paying the electric bill and keeping her house. She has no idea whether she’ll ever be recalled to work.  Throughout the interview, she stays stoic, determined, like the corrections office she was trained to be. Only at the end of our conversation does she slip a bit. “I held back the tears,” she says with relief.  Ron Ozer greets me at the door with the sheepishness of someone who isn’t used to being at home during the workday. Ozer, 53, was laid off from DuPont Co. in January after a 23-year career. A Ph.D in chemical engineering, he has more than 20 patents to his name. He worked on long-term projects at the DuPont Experimental Station in Wilmington, Delaware, one of the more storied research facilities in the country, where products such as nylon, Lycra and Kevlar were created.  “Some of the great developments in American industry came out of that site,” Ozer says. “It was a time when America was growing so dramatically.”  But a lack of growth and pressure from investors forced DuPont to announce a merger with another giant, Dow Chemical. In advance of the merger, it has begun to shed jobs. In Delaware alone, DuPont plans to dump 1,700 workers—many in the area of long-term research, which can be expensive without yielding immediate rewards to shareholders. Ozer’s group was eviscerated.  The $130 billion merger of DuPont and Dow blends two U.S. companies that date back to the 19th century. Barry Lynn, an economist at the New America think tank, says that industry consolidation chills the labor market, sapping demand for skilled workers such as Ozer. Dominant companies can use their market power to charge customers more or make suppliers pay less—all without having to grow and create jobs to survive. Indeed, the push from Wall Street is to cull and cut, not grow. And when companies do expand today it’s largely through acquisition, not investment.  “That’s a huge amount of the energy that’s behind Trump,” Lynn says, “the sense of power being consolidated and being out of control and harming me and my family and my community.”  Ozer will try to take advantage of his contacts at DuPont to become a consultant, but admits that’s a gamble. Asked if he thinks he can replicate the six-figure salary he enjoyed at DuPont, he laughs. “I’m not confident of that.”  His chief concern is his two daughters, both of whom are out of college. In order to give his youngest a leg up in the market, he sent her to private Haverford College in Pennsylvania (tuition: $46,000)—going deep into debt to do so. “I have a lot of possibilities, but I need things to start turning into dollars soon,” he says.  For Sara Blackwell, representing U.S. workers displaced by the federal H1-B visa program began as a gig. Now, it’s a full-blown cause.  The Tampa lawyer has been giving away clients who would distract her from her work. She jokes she’s stopped sleeping and exercising. Recently, she launched a website called ProtectUSworkers.com. “I speak to an average of 10 people a day who are victims of this,” she tells me. “The more I learn about this, the more I have to fight.”  She began by representing IT workers at Walt Disney World in Florida who were replaced by guest workers from India brought in on temporary visas by outsourcing firms that contracted with Disney. She has filed a long-shot conspiracy lawsuit in federal court.  Blackwell contends that the practice of outsourcing low-end, back-office IT jobs to cut costs has become endemic. Globalization, she says, is systematically lowering the standard of living of American workers. “It’s a race to the bottom,” she says.  The Disney case garnered the attention of some in the U.S. Senate, including Jeff Sessions, a Republican from Alabama who now is at the forefront of a fight against the American tech industry, which wants to expand the guest-worker program citing a lack of domestic qualified engineers and programmers.  But those tech companies are at the back of the line. According to Ron Hira, a professor at Howard University who tracks applications, outsourcing firms have been crowding out tech companies in the race to acquire the highly coveted H1-B visas, which are capped at 85,000 a year.  Sessions, who is also a fierce opponent of immigration reform, was one of the first U.S. politicians to embrace Trump—and Blackwell has spoken out against the program at several Trump rallies.  She also has consulted with the outsourced employees who worked at Northeast Utilities in Connecticut, including Craig Diangelo.  Part of Diangelo’s frustration—and part of what is driving him toward Trump—is that Washington has done so little to curb what he views as abuses of the H1-B program. There is a greater push now on Capitol Hill to broaden the program rather than rein it in. “There’s nobody to help us,” he tells me. “There’s nobody to say you can’t do this.”  Richard Blumenthal, a U.S. senator from Connecticut, has been part of efforts to expand the program, but also to reform it. “It’s a desperately serious problem,” he says.  He told me that even though there is some bipartisan consensus on reform, efforts still aren’t moving forward, consumed by the same paralysis that’s stalling everything else.  “There are powerful forces against us,” Blumenthal says, “including the companies that exploit these programs.”  To Diangelo, that’s the dilemma of the modern, middle-class voter. He worked hard for years, lost his job when his only transgression was being too old and making too much money, was humiliated when he had to train his replacement, and then watched how state and federal politicians have been able to do nothing to help him.  Why shouldn’t he support Donald Trump? What’s worth preserving? He’s a tech worker, sipping Pinot Grigio over pad thai. He’s no militant or conspiracist. Yet...  “There is going to be an uprising,” he says. “People are starting to say: `I’ve had enough of this. I’ve really had enough.’”   This report first appeared in “The American Voter,” Reuters’ special election issue, available on iTunes or Google Play.",politicsNews,"August 2, 2016 ",1
"In election upset, Trump finds pockets of Latino support","MIAMI (Reuters) - Latinos angered by Donald Trump’s tough stance on immigration could have been the Republican candidate’s biggest obstacle on the road to the White House.  As it turned out, the brash New York businessman won enough Hispanic votes in Tuesday’s election to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton, with some Hispanics who supported him citing everything from ambivalence on immigration to conservative values and job growth. Reuters/Ipsos Election Day polling showed 28 percent of America’s Hispanic voters cast ballots for Trump, compared to 66 percent for Clinton, putting him on a par with Republican Mitt Romney’s performance with the group in 2012. That outcome helped Trump upset Clinton in the critical battleground state of Florida, where he won 31 percent of Latino voters, while fending off challenges in border states such as Texas and Arizona.  Trump’s win on Tuesday came as a blow to pro-immigrant advocates who had been hoping that his calls for mass deportations of undocumented foreigners, as well as a massive border wall with Mexico, would drive Latinos to the polls against him in a showcase of rising Hispanic political power. “In our point of view, Latinos did their part to stop Trump,” said Frank Sharry, executive director of immigrants’ rights group America’s Voice. But he added: “There’s going to be a lot of finger pointing.” On the streets of Miami overnight Tuesday, celebrations by Latino Trump supporters offered a glimpse of his appeal. “He supports my values,” said Humberto Quintero, 55, a Venezuelan-American who was among a large crowd celebrating outside Versailles Restaurant in a Cuban neighborhood in Miami, as cars passed honking their horns. He said Trump’s promise to restore American manufacturing jobs was also an important issue for him. “When I was young, everything was made in America,” Quintero said. “Now everything is made in China.” He said he also backed Trump’s plan for a wall. “In your house you don’t let everybody come inside without your permission,” he said. Hispanics made up 17.6 of the U.S. population in 2015, up 12 percent from 2012, according to the U.S. Census, making them the country’s largest ethnic minority. By 2060, more than one-in-four people in America will be Latino.  President Barack Obama won 70 percent of the Latino vote during his 2012 re-election bid while his challenger Romney took 28 percent, the same as Trump this time around. Trump’s relationship with Hispanic voters started on an awkward footing when he began his campaign in June 2015, calling for tighter borders and accusing Mexico of sending rapists and drug dealers into the United States. He insisted he would force Mexico to pay for a multi-billion-dollar wall along the border to keep unwanted foreigners out of the United States, and vowed to round up and deport the 11 million undocumented immigrants already in the country. Those positions, which became a cornerstone of his campaign,  resonated badly on Tuesday with many voters along the U.S. side of the Mexican border. “When he said the Mexicans were rapists and all this, drug dealers and stuff, it did kind of hit a chord,” said Jazmin Gonzalez, 31, a Mexican-American from the Barrio Logan neighborhood in San Diego who voted for Clinton. “We know our people.” Miguel Perez, 49, a maintenance engineer in Southern California who came to the United States from Mexico when he was 10, said he also voted for Clinton on Tuesday - mainly just to stop Trump. “I would have voted for Donald Duck if I had to,” he said after casting his ballot at San Ysidro High School near the border with Mexico. Clinton had sought to contrast her campaign with Trump’s by advocating for a path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants living in the country. She also hired immigrant activists for her campaign and featured undocumented immigrants at rallies. But she and the Democratic Party had at times raised the ire of Latino activists by focusing too heavily on bashing Trump while putting forward less-than-substantive efforts to appeal directly to Latinos, and rejecting pressure to name an Hispanic running mate. Clinton’s socially progressive platform, including her support of abortion rights, also may have rankled some religious conservatives within the Hispanic community. Lilian Enriquez, 45, a pastor who voted in Tucson, Arizona, on Tuesday, declined to say who she supported. But she said her vote was based largely on her sense of morality. “The United States is a country that has been cheapened morally, and I do not want to see ... people living a way that goes against the way of God,” she said. Activist groups wanted to boost turnout among Latinos this year but figures are not yet in. In 2008, less than half of Latinos who were eligible to cast ballots actually did – and the rate dipped in 2012, according to the census. In contrast, the voting rates for white and black voters were both well over 60 percent. ",politicsNews,"November 9, 2016 ",1
HOME DEPOT CO-FOUNDER ON TRUMP: “This guy has guts and he’s got great people around him” [Video], ,politics,"Mar 13, 2017",0
Obama to consider 'proportional' response to Russia hacking,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will consider a variety of responses to Russia’s hacking of political party organizations and it is possible that any action may not be announced publicly, the White House said on Tuesday. “There are a range of responses that are available to the president and he will consider a response that is proportional,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters on Air Force One. “It is certainly possible that the president can choose response options that we never announce,” he said.     ",politicsNews,"October 11, 2016 ",1
 McCain CALLS OUT Trump: Show Us The Evidence!,"Donald Trump screwed himself over by letting his tiny little hands go Twitter-happy over the weekend. Just because he was pissed off over Jeff Sessions  recusal, Trump failed to manage his emotions like an adult and couldn t keep his temper tantrum in check. America watched on, horrified, as the current POTUS accused former President Barack Obama of wiretapping his phones in the Trump Tower on Saturday morning. And now, he s facing severe consequences as people want answers.It is already highly probably that Trump has zero evidence to back up his accusation of Obama, mostly because he frequently lies and spreads false information based on his emotional state. Trump has also repeatedly been asked to provide concrete proof that Obama tapped his phones, and hasn t been able to show anything that would make his inappropriate accusations believable. Even Trump s fellow Republicans are demanding answers to such a ridiculous attack, one of them being Sen. John McCain, who has been a critical conservative voice against Trump since his presidential campaign.On Monday, McCain demanded that Trump release evidence to support his allegations, and also trashed the White House for not being able to provide more information about Trump s claims. McCain argued that Americans have a right to know on what basis the president of the United States said that his predecessor had broken the law by wiretapping Trump Tower. Clearly shocked by the whole matter, McCain admitted to reporters,  I haven t seen anything like this.  Noting that the Trump administration  should answer questions,  McCain said: The American people should demand it. The dimensions of this are huge. McCain went on to say just how shocking Trump s weekend tweets had been. McCain admitted that when he saw Trump s first tweet against Obama on Saturday morning, his first reaction was  intense curiosity. This is unprecedented. I have never heard of a president of the United States accusing his predecessor or any other president of the United States of violating the law. Trump had given America many firsts over the past year or so, and none of them were good. That is something we all can agree on, regardless of party affiliation. McCain s comments prove that even the GOP is regretful and fed up of Trump s behavior.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",News,"March 7, 2017",0
Giuliani pulls out of consideration to serve in administration: Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said on Friday he had removed his name from consideration for a position in Donald Trump’s new administration as the president-elect narrows the field of people he is considering for secretary of state. Giuliani’s withdrawal from consideration came after Trump made clear that he was broadening his search for a secretary of state beyond the four finalists transition aides had identified: Giuliani, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, former CIA head David Petraeus and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee. In recent days, Trump has expanded his search for a secretary of state to include additional lawmakers and corporate executives, such as Rex Tillerson of Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) and Alan Mulally, a former executive at Ford Motor Co (F.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). The Wall Street Journal, citing two transition team officials, said Tillerson had emerged on Friday as the leading candidate for the State Department job. It said some Trump advisers saw Tillerson as a mold-breaking pick who would bring an executive’s experience to the post of top U.S. diplomat. Giuliani, speaking to Fox News, said he had actually sent a letter withdrawing himself from consideration back on Nov. 29 but that the transition team had rejected it, saying they wanted to continue to keep him in the running for the State Department. “I decided ... that the whole thing was becoming ... very difficult for the president-elect, and my desire to be in the Cabinet was great, but it wasn’t that great and he had a lot of terrific candidates,” Giuliani said in a phone call with Fox. He said he had met Trump on Friday and they agreed it was worth going ahead and releasing the letter as the president-elect narrows his choice for secretary of state. Trump indicated to supporters in Louisiana on Friday that he would have another Cabinet announcement next week “you’re really going to like.” “They’re down to the last two, three, four (candidates), so it made sense to ... get out of the way,” Giuliani said in the Fox interview. He said he had been considered for other positions in the Cabinet but was not keen on a role other than State Department. “That was the only one I had any real interest in. But it wasn’t so overwhelming that I’m terribly disappointed,” Giuliani added, noting that he would continue to act as a friend and informal adviser to Trump. Asked his view on Romney as a possible secretary of state, Giuliani said he agreed with other “very loyal supporters of President-elect Trump” that “Mitt went over the line” in his criticism of the candidate during the campaign. “You can make friends and make up, but I wouldn’t see him as a candidate for the Cabinet,” Giuliani said, though he added he would accept whatever decision Trump ultimately made. Giuliani’s withdrawal was likely to disappoint some of Trump’s most loyal aides, who appreciated how he had supported the president-elect all along and had been resistant to Romney. Earlier on Friday, CNN, citing an unnamed source, reported that Giuliani was told he was no longer in contention for secretary of state. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, praised the former New York mayor in a statement. “Rudy Giuliani is an extraordinarily talented and patriotic American,” the New York businessman said. “He is and continues to be a close personal friend, and as appropriate, I will call upon him for advice and can see an important place for him in the administration at a later date.” Reince Priebus, Trump’s incoming White House chief of staff, said in the statement that Giuliani “was vetted by our team for any possible conflicts and passed with flying colors.” Giuliani also told Fox the vetting process had turned up no conflicts. ",politicsNews,"December 9, 2016 ",1
" ‘The Simpsons’ React To Their Trump Election Prediction, And They’re NOT Happy (VIDEO)","In reaction to Donald Trump s victory, The Simpsons decided to update their 2000 prediction of a Trump presidency.In 2000, the show showed a glimpse into the future where President Lisa Simpson inherited an economic mess from  President Trump.  Well, now that fictional story line has become a horrifying reality.Here is The Simpsons new opening with Bart Simpson writing on the chalkboard,  BEING RIGHT SUCKS :The Simpsons updates its 2000 prediction of a Trump Presidency  #TheSimpsons pic.twitter.com/Myf5rYb9Dj  The Simpsons (@TheSimpsons) November 14, 2016Hopefully, the financial despair the fictional President Trump never becomes a reality, but seeing as he has no experience, is a businessman who s not as good as he says he is, and The Simpsons have been right thus far, the future s looking pretty bleak.Here s the original clip of President Lisa Simpson calling out a Donald Trump presidency for his fiscal fallout and bad economy:Early on into Trump s campaign, The Simpsons satirized the reality TV host turned president-elect by having Homer Simpson somehow at the campaign rollout and falling into Trump s hair. If we could only go back to that moment and enjoy the comedy over reality.Now we have to reap what we ve sown, or rather what the less than half of voting Americans have sown considering Trump only won with the Electoral College and lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton in his own words, big league.Most of us with The Simpsons were very wrong with the prediction as well.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"November 14, 2016",0
Republicans in House push for Congressional Budget Office cuts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are seeking to add an amendment this week to spending legislation that would slash the number of staff at the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. The budget research office, known as the CBO, has drawn recent Republican criticism, including from the White House, after it concluded that Republican proposals to replace Obamacare would lead to 23 million more Americans being uninsured if they became law. Representative Mark Meadows, head of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said on Monday his colleague Morgan Griffith has offered an amendment to an appropriations bill the House is expected to take up this week that would cut the CBO’s staff of 235 by 89 employees, saving about $15 million. “They ought to be aggregators,” Meadows said of the CBO at a National Press Club lunch. “There’s plenty of think tanks that are out there. We ought to take a score from Heritage, from AEI (American Enterprise Institute), from Brookings, from the Urban Institute and bring them together for a composite score.” The Heritage Foundation is a conservative think tank based in Washington, as is the American Enterprise Institute. The Brookings Institution and Urban Institute are liberal-leaning think tanks based in Washington. The CBO is one of a handful of analysis units of Congress whose employees strive for political impartiality, providing dependable and neutral information that lawmakers can use when making often complex budget, tax and other decisions. Its staff includes economists, public policy analysts, lawyers and editors. In May, after Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney called the CBO’s healthcare analysis “absurd” and questioned its continued existence, Democrats defended the office, saying Republican attacks were irresponsible. “When Trump administration officials either disagree with or do not understand the impacts of their own policies, they prefer to attack the nonpartisan analysts who are doing their jobs with integrity and expertise,” Representative Steny Hoyer, a Democratic House leader, said at the time. The CBO was created in 1974 during a spending dispute between the Democratic-controlled Congress and Republican President Richard Nixon after he withheld funds for government programs that did not support his political positions. ",politicsNews,"July 24, 2017 ",1
"U.S. looks to Facebook, private groups to battle online extremism","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government, acknowledging its limited success in combating Islamic extremist messaging, is recruiting tech companies, community organizations and educational groups to take the lead in disrupting online radicalization. The change in strategy, which took a step forward on Wednesday when the Justice Department convened a meeting with social media firms including Facebook Inc, Twitter and Alphabet Inc’s Google , comes despite what critics say is scant evidence on the effectiveness of such efforts. The meeting was “a recognition that the government is ill-positioned and ill-equipped to counter ISIS online,” Seamus Hughes, deputy director of George Washington University’s Program on Extremism, said after attending the event, using an acronym for the Islamic State group. The federal government is not best placed to counter extremist online recruitment efforts with messaging of its own, said George Selim, director of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) office that coordinates the government’s “countering violent extremism” (CVE) activities.  The goal now, he said, is to help “communities and young people to amplify their own messages.” Those messages stem from so-called “counter-narrative” programs underway at schools and community groups that have varying degrees of government support, according to government officials and private sector experts.   Past campaigns by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama to thwart extremist propaganda globally were widely regarded as too reliant on fear-based rhetoric and graphic imagery to be effective.  But whether the new joint effort with the private sector will fare better remains unclear, say experts in countering extremism.  The Obama administration has had an uneasy relationship with Silicon Valley in recent years. Twitter and other tech firms have been reticent to appear too cozy with authorities on how they manage their content, though most have cautiously drifted toward being more compliant over the past year.   Facebook last year partnered with British research group Demos to examine the impact of “counter-messaging” against hate speech in four European countries. The study, released in October, concluded it was “extremely difficult to calculate with any degree of precision” whether such efforts have a real impact on long-term attitudes or offline behavior. “You don’t necessarily know if something is going to change the way someone thinks offline, but we can measure whether somebody shares that content or interacts with it,” Monica Bickert, Facebook’s head of global policy management, told Reuters. One of the new programs, funded partly by Facebook and multiple government agencies, underwrites “peer-to-peer” (P2P) college courses that teach students to create their own anti-militant messaging.  Facebook declined to say how much it was investing in the program, though Selim described Facebook’s overall investment in CVE initiatives as “very significant.” Fatemah Yousef, a student at Kuwait Gulf University for Science and Technology student, flew to Washington this month to join a Facebook event showcasing counter-messaging projects created by students. Yousef, 23, exhibited a blog that encourages Kuwaiti students to denounce violent extremism on social media. Another P2P finalist, a group from the University of Arkansas, produced a video showing graphic Islamic State executions set to heavy metal band Black Sabbath’s “War Pigs.” Half way through, the video switched to Bob Dylan’s “The Times They Are A-Changin’” as captions urged viewers to “raise a flag” against extremism. After viewing the video, a judge in the contest told the students that “probably about 90 to 95 percent” of the images in the video had been used in violent extremist recruitment videos. “We’ve had this problem in other places where people try to instill fear in target audiences by showing all this mayhem, but it actually does the reverse with some,” said the judge, Quintan Wiktorowicz, a former White House director for community partnerships. Another effort is underway at WORDE, a Muslim educational organization in Maryland, which last week launched a campaign that aims to refute Islamic State messages through catchy videos and live broadcasts of discussions about mainstream Islam.  WORDE plans to use software or survey questions to gauge the impact of its new counter-messaging campaign, said Hedieh Mirahmadi, the group’s president. “Everybody creates stuff but doesn’t really care about whether it’s connected to the science of evaluations,” Mirahmadi told Reuters.  Democratic New Jersey Senator Cory Booker told Reuters that he is working on two bills — one of which has already passed committee in the Senate — that would give DHS the authority to fund more college classes and research on how to best counter Islamic State’s slick propaganda campaigns. “Government messages do not prove to have that type of virality,” Booker said. The P2P program is the only private sector counter-messaging initiative that acknowledges receiving training from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, but a senior FBI official said the agency provides information to other non-governmental groups whose CVE-related work may include counter-messaging. Some efforts avoid federal funding altogether.  Mohamed Magid, a Virginia imam who has counseled several youth targeted by Islamic State recruiters, leads an Islamic foundation soliciting donations to create a 24/7 online operation that would answer each Islamic State video with peaceful messages.  “If we say this is a government thing, it might not have legitimacy,” Magid said. “We’re challenging the Muslim community to say, on this, yourself, respond to the challenge.”        ",politicsNews,"February 25, 2016 ",1
EU braces for Brexit talks collapse as May falters,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - As in-fighting consumes the British government, Europeans have stepped up quiet preparations for a possible collapse of Brexit talks that could see Britain crash out of the EU without a deal 18 months from now. Prime Minister Theresa May s EU counterparts still see the  no-deal scenario  she threatened them with as most unlikely, as they think it would hurt Britain much more than the continent. But after her faltering party conference this week and ahead of important meetings in Brussels over the next fortnight, diplomats and officials there and in big member states said they have been putting renewed focus on contingency planning for a legal limbo in March 2019 and urging businesses to do the same. German officials say that in recent months they have been spending just as much energy on how to handle that as on preparing for a negotiated solution. The BDI industry federation in the biggest EU economy warned German firms on Thursday that it would be  naive  not to be ready for a  a very hard exit . Like May, who on Friday rejected calls from some lawmakers to resign, Michel Barnier, the European Union negotiator, says his aim is an orderly exit. But he repeatedly cautions that he also has a mandate from EU leaders to help prepare for failure and regularly tells businesses to be sure to plan for the worst.  We want to be ready for all eventualities, including  no deal ,  he told business and labor representatives after the negotiations began in July. Deal or no deal is  the fundamental question , he said, after talks made little progress in August.  This is the growing feeling, absolutely,  a senior EU official said of concerns that talks could collapse, not because Britain saw economic advantage in that, as May has warned, but because British politics could end up in domestic stalemate that could mean missing reasonable deadlines for a withdrawal treaty. For many, talk of a breakdown in talks remains part of the bluff and counter-bluff of negotiations. But what May s problems inside her own government indicate to many across the Channel is that the country is so divided it may be unable to reach a deal.  You need to factor in that it s not a rational process,  the senior EU official said, repeating a common view that voting for Brexit made no economic sense in the first place.  So it s not unlikely that they again shy away from what are the economic imperatives and we end up cliff-edging by political default.  People close to Barnier s negotiating team draw attention to new legislation last month aimed at protecting the EU carbon market from a disorderly British departure and moves to force euro-denominated securities clearing from London to the continent as examples of Brussels  contingency planning.  It s the responsible approach. And the more it goes on like this,  said one EU official of the lack of clear breakthroughs in the talks,  the more we ll see of these steps.  Another senior official said:  There s every reason to be worried and European industry should take this more seriously.  May s Brexit minister, David Davis, is expected back in Brussels on Monday for a fifth round of negotiations with Barnier. But expectations among EU officials are low to nil for a breakthrough on key divorce issues that would allow EU leaders to tell May when they meet her the following week that they are willing to open talks on a future free trade accord. Aside from uncertainty over how a new EU border with Ireland will work and differences over rights for expatriates after Brexit, a standoff over tens of billions of euros that Brussels argues Britain will owe on departure seems far from resolution. Describing as  unbelievable arrogance  British offers to pay just 20 billion euros ($23 billion) of a  Brexit bill  which the EU estimates at perhaps 60 billion euros, a senior diplomat from a country Britain generally views as an ally in EU affairs said May would have to face down hardliners who reject such payments. Few of Britain s negotiating partners see any benefit in a change of prime minister now. That would cost more time that neither side has, since the chances of London or Brussels agreeing to extend the Brexit deadline seem limited.  With Boris Johnson as prime minister, the negotiations would be easier,  one EU diplomat said of the foreign secretary, who has sniped at May s push for a deal that could see Britain stay bound by some EU rules, at least for a transition period.  We could save ourselves all this analyzing,  the diplomat said,  As he d just drive the talks straight off the cliff.  For many, ending with a legal void remains far-fetched. But though British ministers talk of a  bespoke  deal to exit EU rules while retaining market access, EU officials warn that time is running out for London to find any option other than to agree to something like the status of Norway   being in the EU market and accepting rules on which is has no vote.  Pretty soon,  said one,  It will be Norway or nothing.  ",worldnews,"October 6, 2017 ",1
Oklahoma legislation aims to ensure punishment for sex crimes,"OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - Oklahoma lawmakers will take up legislation next week aimed at ensuring sex crimes do not go unpunished in the state because the victims were unconscious or intoxicated when they occurred.  In March, Oklahoma’s highest criminal court ruled the state’s rape law addresses sexual assault cases involving people who were either unconscious or intoxicated when they were victims of abuse. But the court ruled that Oklahoma’s forcible sodomy law, which also pertains to oral sex, did not address such cases. The ruling was in response to allegations that a Tulsa teenager sexually assaulted a girl who had passed out after a night of drinking. A lower court judge had dismissed the case last year. Oklahoma Representative Scott Biggs, a Republican, said on Friday he is filing legislation to define forcible sodomy in a way that includes unconscious victims. The bill, which is widely supported, is expected to be heard by the Oklahoma legislature in the coming week, Biggs said. “The judges made a grave error, but if they need more clarification, we are happy to give it to them by fixing the statute,” Biggs said in an interview. The state’s highest criminal appeals court said in its ruling: “Sodomy cannot occur where a victim is so intoxicated as to be completely unconscious at the time of the sexual act of oral copulation.”  It added, “we will not, in order to justify prosecution of a person for an offense, enlarge a statute beyond the fair meaning of its language.” The ruling in March had gone mostly unnoticed until the public interest journalism site Oklahoma Watch reported on it this month, sparking a public outcry. The case from 2014 involved two high school students who were drinking and smoking marijuana with friends. The boy testified the oral sex was consensual but the girl said it was not, according to Oklahoma Watch, which added that the teen’s DNA was found on the girl. “Unfortunately, legal minds often get stuck on questions of semantics, when it is clear to most of us what the intent of the law is,” Biggs said. “I can’t stress enough how sorry I am for the victim and that she was denied justice,” he added. ",politicsNews,"April 29, 2016 ",1
 Charles Koch Does A Brutally Honest Interview The Republican Party Isn’t Gonna Like (VIDEO),"Charles Koch sat down with ABC News and did an interview, during which he said it was  possible  that Hillary Clinton could be a better president than some of the Republicans still left. It was in no way an endorsement of Clinton. It was a well-worded question that elicited a noteworthy and honest response. That 30 seconds of reporting dominated the already slow news cycle while the meat of the Charles Koch interview went largely ignored.Charles Koch doesn t come across as many people think he should. He shows up in sweaters and comfy shoes looking like Mr. Rogers and being extremely passionate about his policy positions. What many people don t understand is that the Koch Brothers, while massive and powerful beyond belief, are Libertarians. Libertarians want taxes gone. They want money out of politics because they think the government should be almost non-existent. In order to achieve this Libertarian Utopia, they first have to conquer the Republican Party, the only people who will give them a flat tax and deregulate everything.Charles Koch admits that he benefits from a  rigged system.  He admits to all the money that is spent on corporate welfare and tax shelters for the wealthy. He admits that cronyism runs our country and he knows that the rich are getting richer and the poor have no chance. If you were to attach Charles Koch s belief system to a liberal set of values you d have Bill Gates meets Warren Buffet. Unfortunately, what you actually end up with is a grandfatherly figure whose sheer power won t be stopped, it ll be chatted about nicely in the den.The Kochs lean to the right on enough issues that their money gets thrown at the Republican party. They want to eliminate the tax code, thinking it will put people on level playing field   or maybe just to keep more profits. They want regulation out of business, so free markets could thrive and regulate themselves   or maybe just to cut corners and save money. They want money out of politics, so they pour money into politics. The Kochs aren t in danger of being aligned with Democrats, but if you listen to Charles tell it, if the Democratic party would come around on just a few things, they would see more Koch money. Yes, that s a ridiculous notion. Charles Koch sits and talks about everyone taking care of one another while it was he and his brother who created the Tea Party and their bigotry and went to work in 2014 to see to it that everyone hated the poor and Ebola enough to vote red.The Kochs have always backed Republicans, an investment Charles calls  disappointing.  He remembers the one time he asked for a political favor to shoot down a bill that was nothing but corporate tax breaks and fewer than 10 percent of the people they backed on the campaign trail came through when it was time to vote. The one time. Somehow it seems unlikely that a man who just confessed to raising half a billion dollars for political purposes has asked for more than one favor, but we ll let Mr. Koch s good character speak for itself (wink, wink).They have apparently gotten tired of the Republican party, at least this time around. Charles is adamant that the mud-slinging ad-hominem festival of stupid that has been the GOP primary has not received a dime from their war chest. Not a single campaign on either side has reaped the benefits of Koch support. The only candidate Koch mentions by name is Bernie Sanders, who he says is at least addressing the issue of the two-tiered system and wealth inequality, though he can t understand his methods. It s difficult for a man who professes to be a  classic liberal  to consider putting the needs of the less fortunate first. If his barn is stocked with horses, his cupboards and refrigerator with food and his home stocked with creature comforts he ll be in a much better position to help those who have struggled.All in all, this interview doesn t bode well for the GOP. They re looking for almost a billion dollars from Koch s PAC, which by his own estimate has only raised $200 million so far this year. The Republican party has certainly shown that it knows how to screw up a free lunch. When you can t do something as simple as keeping your number one source of income in the game, you know the end is near. Featured image from screen capture",News,"April 25, 2016",0
"Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, taking up an issue that has infuriated Republican President Donald Trump, went on the attack against leaks on Friday, warning of a possible crackdown both on reporters and their sources inside the federal government. In a move derided by critics as an attack on the free press, Sessions said the administration was reviewing policies on forcing journalists to reveal their sources.  It is, however, difficult to prosecute members of the news media in the United States for publishing leaked information. Sessions also told the employees of government agencies to stop leaking and called the issue a matter of national security.     Trump has repeatedly voiced anger over a steady stream of leaks to the media about him and his administration since he took office in January.  Some have been related to probes into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election; others have concerned infighting in the White House.     “One of the things we are doing is reviewing policies affecting media subpoenas,” Sessions told reporters as he announced administration efforts to battle what he called a “staggering number of leaks undermining the ability of our government to protect this country.” “We respect the important role that the press plays and will give them respect, but it is not unlimited,” the nation’s top law official said.  His boss, Trump, has repeatedly criticized news outlets and their work as “fake news,” and administration officials have criticized the use of anonymous sources, a standard journalistic practice. A media subpoena is a writ compelling a journalist to testify or produce evidence, with a penalty for failure to do so.  The fact that the administration is reviewing its policy leaves open the possibility of sentencing journalists for not disclosing their sources.     “Every American should be concerned about the Trump administration’s threat to step up its efforts against whistleblowers and journalists,” said Ben Wizner of the American Civil Liberties Union. “A crackdown on leaks is a crackdown on the free press and on democracy as a whole.” Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told reporters the department was just starting to review the policy on media subpoenas and could not say yet how it might be changed. But he did not rule out the possibility of threatening journalists with jail time.     Historically, government employees or contractors who give sensitive information to the media are much more likely to be prosecuted than the reporters who receive it. U.S. regulations give journalists special protections, barring them from law enforcement that might “reasonably impair newsgathering activities.” Federal prosecutors must get special permission from the U.S. attorney general before issuing a subpoena to try to force a member of the news media to divulge information to authorities. New York Times reporter Judith Miller was jailed in 2005 for refusing to reveal a source about stories on Iraq, but she cut a deal with prosecutors before she was formally charged.   In addressing the wider issue of leaks, Sessions said the Justice Department has tripled the number of investigations into unauthorized leaks of classified information and that four people have already been charged. “We are taking a stand,” said Sessions, who in recent weeks has been publicly criticized by Trump for his performance in the job, including for what Trump called his weakness on the issue of going after leakers. “This culture of leaking must stop,” Sessions said. It is not illegal to leak information, as such, but divulging classified information is against the law. Some of the more high-profile leaks in the Trump administration have revealed White House infighting in articles that would appear not to involve divulging classified information.         Sessions did not immediately give the identities of the four people charged, but said they had been accused of unlawfully disclosing classified information or concealing contacts with foreign intelligence officers. Rosenstein did not give the exact number of leak investigations the Justice Department is currently handling, only that this number has tripled under the Trump administration.  In the latest major leak to the media, the Washington Post published transcripts on Thursday of contentious phone calls that Trump had in the early days of his administration with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. “No government can be effective when its leaders cannot discuss sensitive matters in confidence or to talk freely in confidence with foreign leaders,” Sessions said of that case.     One tool Sessions has for prosecuting leakers is the Espionage Act, a World War One-era law that was designed to stop leaks to America’s enemies. Federal prosecutors have used it 12 times to charge individuals for disclosing information to the media, eight of them under Democratic former President Barack Obama.   The most recent case, and the first under Trump, was the Justice Department’s indictment in June of Reality Leigh Winner, 25, a U.S. intelligence contractor accused of leaking a classified National Security Agency report about Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 election.	 ",politicsNews,"August 4, 2017 ",1
 ‘Christians’ Who Leave Fake $20 Tips For Servers Draw Epic Response From Restaurant Manager,"Christian fundamentalists picked on the wrong restaurant to leave their fake $20 tips.For quite some time now, Christian fundamentalists have been angering waiters and waitresses by leaving religious messages disguised as $20 bills as the tip.The notes say that they can have something more valuable than money, which they claim is a belief in Jesus.But to the servers who receive such a tip, it s nothing more than a dirty trick that angers them. They worked hard attending to their customers in an effort to receive a well-earned tip that will help them pay the bills and put food on the table. A plain piece of paper masquerading as a $20 bill doesn t help at all. If anything, it makes religious people look like a bunch of jerks.Well, one restaurant manager chose to fight back after a similar trick was cruelly played on one of her employees.According to WCNC in North Carolina,Penny Craver, general manager of Dish in Plaza Midwood, says one of her employees, who s also a student, was really upset on Saturday after receiving a religious pamphlet from her guests and a less than 8-percent tip.Instead of just being angry, Craver actually did something about it. She looked up the church named on the fake $20, Harbor Baptist Church in Charlotte, and fired off an email to the pastor condemning the action and suggesting a Sunday sermon about fair monetary exchange.Here s the email in its entirety via WCNC.Pastor Simmons:I am the general manager of Dish (restaurant) in Plaza Midwood. Imagine one of my server s surprise when she received a small pamphlet (Every one of us will face eternity one day) instead of a tip when she served what I assume was one of your congregation. Her particular religious beliefs are not discussed at work; however, I do know that this pamphlet can not pay her mortgage or her electric bill. It concerns me that someone would consider a pamphlet fair monetary exchange. Suppose your congregation felt it was sufficient to tithe their personal writings instead of 10% of their income. Your church wouldn t be paying their bills for very long. I think it would be great if you used this in a sermon. Pride, one of the 7 Deadly Sins, is considered, on almost every list, the original and most serious of the seven deadly sins: the source of the others. It is identified as believing that one is essentially better than others, failing to acknowledge the accomplishments of others, and excessive admiration of the personal self (especially holding self out of proper position toward God). I think it could be educational for at least one member of your congregation. Thank you very much for your time.And it seems to have worked. Pastor Simmons has allegedly spoken to the congregant who left the crappy tip and says it won t happen again, and if it does, the church will make it right. Craver certainly hopes the church keeps their word, especially since this has happened several times in the last few months.Featured Image: Twitter",News,"January 30, 2016",0
Thousands of students carry protests against Trump into second week,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Demonstrations protesting the U.S. presidential election victory of Republican Donald Trump entered their second week on Monday, with thousands of students chanting phrases like “Not My President” after walking out of classes across the country. The latest protests came as critics slammed Trump’s selection of right-wing firebrand Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist, with many fearing the move could lift the white nationalist movement into the top levels of the White House. The Los Angeles Unified School District estimated that  4,000 students walked out of classes across the city in protest of the president-elect, who campaigned on deporting undocumented immigrants and building a wall between the United States and Mexico. Officials with Seattle Public Schools said about 5,000 students walked out of 20 high schools and middle schools on Monday. That figure represented about 10 percent of the district’s student body, according to schools spokesman Luke Duecy.  Authorities in Portland, Oregon, Montgomery County, Maryland, and the San Francisco Bay Area said hundreds of young people marched in protest as well.  Tens of thousands of people have marched in cities from New York to Los Angeles in largely peaceful rallies since Trump’s upset victory last Tuesday over Democrat Hillary Clinton. Trump secured enough votes in the 538-member Electoral College to win the presidency despite trailing Clinton in the popular vote. But there have been sporadic bouts of destruction. Demonstrators in Oakland, California, last week threw objects at police in riot gear and smashed storefront windows. More than 100 people had been arrested following days of protest in Portland, Oregon, police said on Monday. Protesters in that city over the weekend blocked traffic and threw objects at police dressed in riot gear who responded with pepper spray and flash-bang devices. Civil rights groups and police have monitored violence against U.S. minorities since Trump’s win, citing reports of attacks on women in Islamic head scarves, of racist graffiti and of bullying of immigrant children. Trump has called for peace and unity and denounced white supremacist groups that supported him. He said on Sunday he was “so saddened” to hear about racial slurs and personal threats made against African-Americans, Latinos and gay people by some of his supporters. “I say, ‘Stop it.’ If it - if it helps,” Trump told CBS’ “60 Minutes” in an interview. ",politicsNews,"November 15, 2016 ",1
" Trump Just Signed Away Our Environment, And Americans Are Sick Of His Bullsh*t (TWEETS)","Donald Trump betrayed Americans on Tuesday by proving to be exactly as large an environmental threat as was predicted. Trump gloated on Twitter that he was signing authorizations to move forward both with the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office,  Trump tweeted Tuesday afternoon. The Washington Post reports:Dealing a blow to former President Barack Obama s legacy on climate change, President Donald Trump signed executive actions Tuesday to advance the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines, a move cheered by congressional Republicans and decried by environmentalists.Trump told reporters at the White House that the actions on the pipelines will be subject to the terms and conditions being negotiated by U.S. officials.Not everyone is happy about Trump s new order.  Americans know this pipeline was unfairly rerouted towards our nation and without our consent. The existing pipeline route risks infringing on our treaty rights, contaminating our water and the water of 17 million Americans downstream,  said Dave Archambault II, chairman of the Standing Rock tribe with whom thousands upon thousands of protesters have joined in opposition to a plan to route the Dakota pipeline under a lake near the tribe s reservation. Such a move, anyone with critical thinking skills realizes, would threaten the area s water supply and sacred Native American sites.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers agreed late last year to begin an environmental assessment and consider alternative routes, but it is unclear what will happen now that Trump has given his go-ahead. It seems the whole of Twitter also disagrees with the move. Angry Americans lashed out at Trump via his Twitter account:Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/OErGmbBvYK  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump on the same day you claimed to ""be an environmentalist"" and after months of demonstrations to stop it.Truly shameless.  Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump THIS is what makes a great president. Destroying the environment, displacing indigenous groups, ruining the water supply  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Why is everyone in that room white? You know other races and ethnicities exist right?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump yes, please run the pipeline through the Oval Office.  Sean Hartofilis (@BeachPillows) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Who knew that the genocidal madman who destroy the sacred land and water supply of Native people would be so orange!? pic.twitter.com/sTToUrq6RF  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump ""We must get lead out of the drinking water in Flint, and put chemicals in the drinking water everywhere else.""  Dan Wilbur (@DanWilbur) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump If the pipeline went through one of your hotels, would you be cool with it?  Gavin (@GavinWakeUpCall) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump I'm sure everyone's REALLY happy about that!  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump wow! & the voice of the people is ignored .again.  Kyle McMahon (@KMacMusic) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are betraying the Native American people and all Americans. How could you, Trump?  Ben Rachinger (@BenSRachinger) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Well I guess there's a new winner for oiliest part of your administration, you Ballsack.  Bird Peterson (@birdpeterson) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump History will judge your ass-backward dive into fossil fuels harshly, along with all climate change deniers. Shame on you.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump = 28K+ jobs VS millions of citizens getting sick from grossass water. Plus-beware: Native American ghosts don't play! =( xo  Randall (@Randallsanimals) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Clean drinking water has gotten away with being drinkable for far too long.  Tim Duffy (@TimDuffy) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Let's have you and all your family move next to that pipeline and see how you feel about it.  Matthew Rodrigues (@RodriguesMatt) January 24, 2017So far, Trump has signed executive orders attacking Americans  healthcare and women s rights, as well as this new one that will act as a  yuge  assault on our environment. At every turn, it is becoming more and more clear that he views you and me as enemies. We must resist Trump at every turn if our country is to survive the next four years.Featured image via Twitter",News,"January 24, 2017",0
EPA hit hardest as Trump budget targets regulations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration on Thursday proposed a 31 percent cut to the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget, as the White House seeks to eliminate climate change programs and trim initiatives to protect air and water quality.  The EPA would sustain the biggest cut of any federal agency in the White House 2018 budget, as Trump seeks to clear away regulations he claims are hobbling U.S. oil drillers, coal miners and farmers. The proposed cuts are a starting point, and Congress could temper them in its budget deliberations. The proposal would slash funding for enforcing regulations, fighting water pollution, cleaning up sites contaminated by toxic waste and promoting energy-efficient appliances. It would eliminate 3,200 EPA employees, or 19 percent of the agency’s workforce. It would effectively erase former President Barack Obama’s initiatives to combat climate change by cutting funding for the agency’s signature Clean Power Plan aimed at reducing carbon dioxide emissions. “Consistent with the President’s America First Energy Plan, the budget reorients the EPA’s air program to protect the air we breathe without unduly burdening the American economy,” a summary of the proposed EPA budget said. Some lawmakers from Trump’s Republican party praised the proposed cuts, but some expressed concern about cuts to programs affecting their region of the country. Environmentalists blasted the plan, saying it would return America back to 1977 when smoggy skies and polluted rivers pushed lawmakers to strengthen federal clean air and clean water laws. Scott Pruitt, the EPA administrator, disputes the scientific consensus that human actions are the lead cause of climate change. In his former position as attorney general of oil-producing Oklahoma, he sued the EPA more than a dozen times. Pruitt believes Congress should determine whether carbon dioxide is a pollutant that needs regulation. With both chambers currently led by Republicans, and influential committees headed by lawmakers from oil-producing states, that is unlikely anytime soon.      The budget would also eliminate some $100 million in spending on research and international programs on combating climate change. Trump also doubts the science of climate change and has said the country can reduce green regulations drastically without compromising air and water quality.  Asked about climate change programs, Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s budget director, told reporters “we consider that to be a waste of your money.”  “I think the president is fairly straightforward. We’re not spending money on that,” he said.    The EPA had already faced sharp cuts under Obama. Janet McCabe, a former EPA air official, said Trump’s proposed budget would harm the EPA’s ability to respond to emergencies and also hurt day-to-day efforts on keeping air and water clean to protect human health.  The proposed cuts would cut $427 million aimed at regional pollution cleanup programs, including in the Great Lakes and Chesapeake Bay. Funding for the Superfund program to clean up the nation’s most contaminated sites would drop by $330 million to $762 million. The summary said the budget seeks to give local and state governments responsibility for such clean-up efforts. Many states and municipalities also face severe budget constraints in the current fiscal environment.  Trump’s proposal includes a 31 percent budget cut for the enforcement division, which fines companies for pollution. It would ax dozens of other programs including the popular Energy Star appliance efficiency program aimed at reducing U.S. energy consumption.  “Turning back the clock to 1977 will not ‘Make America Great Again’. It will ‘Make America Gag Again,’” said Conrad Schneider, the advocacy director at Clean Air Task Force.  One area that would see a small boost is for State Revolving Funds, low-interest loans for investments in water and sanitation infrastructure. The plan would add $4 million to the funds, bringing its budget up to $100 million. While employees at EPA headquarters in Washington worried about their jobs, some hoped opportunities might open up at the other side of the country.  Representatives of California, where state energy commissions and a clean air agency are hiring, handed recruitment fliers to EPA employees on their way to work. The fliers said: “Fight Climate Change, Work for California.” ",politicsNews,"March 16, 2017 ",1
Swiss voters reject raising women's retirement age,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss voters rejected raising women s retirement age to 65 in a referendum on Sunday on shoring up the wealthy nation s pension system as a wave of Baby Boomers stops working. Authorities pushing the first serious reform of the pension system in two decades had warned that old-age benefits were increasingly at risk as life expectancy rises and interest rates remain exceptionally low, cutting investment yields. But it fell by a margin of 53-47 percent, sending the government back to the drawing board on the thorny social issue. The package turned down under the Swiss system of direct democracy included making retirement between the ages of 62 and 70 more flexible and raising the standard value-added tax (VAT) rate from 2021 to help finance the stretched pension system.  It sought to secure the level of pensions through 2030 by cutting costs and raising additional revenue.  Minimum pay-out rates would have gradually fallen and  workers  contributions would rise, while public pensions for all new recipients would go up by 70 Swiss francs ($72.25) a month. The retirement age for women would have gradually risen by a year to 65, the same as for men.  That is no life,  complained one 49-year-old kiosk cashier, who identified herself only as Angie.  You go straight from work to the graveyard.  Some critics had complained that the higher retirement age for women and higher VAT rates were unfair, while others opposed expanding public benefits and said the reforms only postponed for a decade rather than solved the system s financial woes. Opinion polls had shown the reforms just squeaking by, but support had been waning. The standard VAT rate would have gone up by 0.3 point from 2021 to 8.3 percent   helping generate 2.1 billion francs a year for pensions by 2030   but the rejection means the standard VAT rate will now fall to 7.7 percent next year as a levy earmarked for disability insurance ends.  A 2014 OECD survey found Switzerland, where a worker earns over $91,000 on average, spends a relatively low 6.6 percent of economic output on public pensions. Life expectancy at birth was 82.5 years. More than 18 percent of the population was older than 65. ",worldnews,"September 24, 2017 ",1
FBI to give media some Clinton notes over email use: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The FBI plans to hand over some of its notes from its interview with U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton regarding her use of private email while secretary of state to news outlets that requested them, CNN reported on Tuesday. However, the Federal Bureau of Investigation will not yet release other notes from the law enforcement agency’s interviews with Clinton aides or turn over other investigative material, CNN said, citing unnamed sources. The materials could be released as soon as Wednesday to media companies that formally sought them under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), according to CNN. FBI representatives declined to confirm the report to Reuters.  In addition to the notes, CNN said the FBI will give the news outlets the roughly 30-page report it sent to the U.S. Department of Justice last month when it recommended against pursuing criminal charges against Clinton, who is vying for the White House in the Nov. 8 U.S. election. The Clinton campaign, which had expressed concern about selective leaks from the notes, welcomed the release.  “This is something that we wanted to have happen,” campaign spokeswoman Kristina Schake told CNN in an interview.   Several media outlets, including Reuters, have made FOIA requests for a summary of the interview. Such requests are often returned with sensitive information redacted.  FBI Director James Comey told Congress that the interview was not recorded, so the agency would only be able to provide a summary. ",politicsNews,"August 30, 2016 ",1
 Coretta Scott King Wrote A Letter Opposing Jeff Sessions And Republicans Have Been Hiding It Since 1986,"This is how far Republicans will go to protect a racist in their party.Thirty years after Congress rejected Jeff Sessions  nomination as a federal judge, the Alabama Republican who only had a problem with the KKK because they smoked marijuana is once again up for a critical government post that could set voting rights back for generations.Donald Trump s nomination of Sessions as Attorney General has raised alarm bells across the nation as civil rights groups fear he will gut the Justice Department, particularly the division that investigates and fights voting rights and civil rights violations.As a federal attorney, Sessions slapped voter fraud charges against black volunteers in his home state who were tasked with picking up and delivering absentee ballots to the post office so they could be counted. Sessions lost the case, and no one was indicted because the volunteers did nothing wrong. Sessions just hates black people and sees their voting as a crime.Even former colleagues testified that Sessions is a racist.According to the New York Times,In testimony before the committee, former colleagues said that Mr. Sessions had referred to the N.A.A.C.P., the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and other civil rights groups as  un-American  and  Communist-inspired.  An African-American federal prosecutor then, Thomas H. Figures, said Mr. Sessions had referred to him as  boy  and testified that Mr. Sessions said the Ku Klux Klan was fine  until I found out they smoked pot. If you still need proof that Sessions is a racist, just consider that white supremacists cheered when Trump announced his nomination.But there is one piece of testimony that Republicans have been suppressing for decades that would be a nail in the coffin of Sessions  effort to become Attorney General.In 1986, Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King, Jr., wrote a letter of testimony to the Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee that ended up rejecting Sessions.Buzzfeed reports that racist Senator Strom Thurmond refused to put the letter in the Congressional record and the contents have been kept from public view ever since. But Knight Rider reporter Aaron Epstein published a piece of it in 1986 that explains why we should not believe Sessions when he claims he isn t racist. For a century, the racial practices that characterized our region were established and enforced by men who, like Mr. Sessions, protested that they, too, were not personally hostile to blacks,  King wrote.And that line alone should disqualify Sessions from ever being more than a racist senator. Because the last thing this country needs is a racist Attorney General in charge of the very institution that investigates voter suppression, discrimination, and hate crimes against people of color.Featured Image: Wikimedia",News,"January 10, 2017",0
Indian police arrest French journalist for filming in Kashmir,"SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - An Indian court on Monday remanded in custody a French journalist for five days after he was arrested in the disputed Kashmir region for filming a documentary without permission and violating visa regulations, police said. The freelance journalist, Paul Comiti, was arrested on Sunday in Srinagar, the main city in Indian-administered Kashmir where Muslim separatists have been waging a violent campaign against  Indian rule since the late 1980s. Comiti held an Indian business visa which did not permit him to make a documentary on political or security-related issues, Senior Superintendent of Police Imtiyaz Ismael Parray told Reuters. Comiti had met a separatist leader, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, and filmed protesters throwing stones at members of the security forces, said another senior police official, who declined to be identified as he is not authorized to speak to the media. He had also met victims of anti-riot  pellet guns  that the  security forces use against protesters. More than 3,800 people have been wounded and one killed by the weapons since a new round of protests against Indian rule erupted last year, with more than 100 partially or fully blinded, official figures show.  We called him to ask him about his activities, but he refused to present himself before the police,  the second police official said.  He was not authorized to film here because he was on a business visa. He was finally arrested.  Muslim-majority Kashmir is claimed in full but ruled in part by mostly Hindu India and Muslim Pakistan and has been at the heart of nearly seven decades of hostility between the neighbors. Comiti had asked the defense ministry for permission to  film in Kashmir, but it had been denied because he was on a business visa, said the second police official. A French Embassy s consular official based in New Delhi met Comiti at the police station in Srinagar, police said. An embassy spokesman was not available for comment. An insurgency by separatist militants raged in Kashmir through the 1990s and into the 2000s but it had died down more recently. But the killing by the security forces of a young, popular separatist leader in July 2016 sparked a new wave of protests by a new generation in India s only Muslim-majority state. India s interior minister said last year the government planned to reconsider the use of the pellet guns to control crowds, after the multiple casualties stirred public anger and condemnation by rights groups. ",worldnews,"December 11, 2017 ",1
BOOM! MATH SHOWS Trump Would Have Beaten Obama In Romney-Obama Election,"It s easy to glance at Tuesday s popular vote   which, with 92 percent of all precincts reporting, shows Hillary Clinton with six million fewer votes than Barack Obama won in 2012   and reach the conclusion that Clinton lost the White House because she failed to turn out the Democratic base. But the truth is much more complicated. While she underperformed relative to Obama s 2012 totals in several Midwestern states   Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin   Clinton ran virtually even with Obama in the battlegrounds of Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, and New Hampshire. What s more, she far surpassed Obama s 2012 vote total in Florida, the country s biggest swing state. Yet somehow, while Obama carried Florida, Clinton lost it. Which brings us to an important question: Was Donald Trump just good enough to beat a bad Democratic opponent on Tuesday, or does he deserve far more credit?A review of vote totals in the past two elections reveals that Trump 2016 would have defeated Obama 2012 in the electoral college. (Disclaimer: This obviously is an apples-to-oranges exercise because no two elections are the same, nor are any two electorates. Still, unlike debating whether the 2016 Cubs would defeat the 1927 Yankees, this is not an entirely abstract argument; a comparison of their respective performances in the country s most competitive states shows Trump edging Obama in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup.) The math might seem impossible. After all, Obama won nearly 66 million votes in 2012; Trump is currently at 59.5 million and should finish around 60 million, which will actually be one million fewer votes than Mitt Romney won. How, then, could Trump have topped Obama in the electoral college? The answer: Republican turnout lagged in certain parts of the country but shot through the roof in the nation s most critical battleground states. Let s look at them individually, in descending order by population, and do the electoral-vote math. The 2016 totals aren t yet final because not all precincts have reported.FLORIDA   29 EVs   98 percent reportingObama 2012: 4,235,270Clinton 2016: 4,485,745Romney 2012: 4,162,081Trump 2016: 4,605,515Conclusion: Trump beats Obama by some 370,000 votes and wins Florida. (Note: Clinton herself won 250,000 more votes in Florida than Obama did in 2012.) PENNSYLVANIA   20 EVs   97 percent reportingObama 2012: 2,907,448Clinton 2016: 2,844,705Romney 2012: 2,619,583Trump 2016: 2,912,941Conclusion: Trump squeezes past Obama by a margin of some 5,000 votes and wins Pennsylvania. (Note: Clinton runs about 60,000 votes behind Obama, but would ve had more than enough to defeat Romney in 2012.) OHIO   18 EVs   94 percent reportingObama 2012: 2,697,260Clinton 2016: 2,317,001Romney 2012: 2,593,779Trump 2016: 2,771,984Conclusion: Trump edges Obama by roughly 75,000 votes and wins Ohio. (Note: Clinton s worst battleground state showing was Ohio, winning 380,000 [!] fewer votes than Obama.)Stop right there and crunch the numbers: Florida (29) + Pennsylvania (20) + Ohio (18) = 67 EVs.Romney finished with 206 EVs. By protecting all of those, and then taking 67 from Obama, Trump would hit 273 and win the presidency.The question: Did Trump 2016 defeat Obama 2012 in all of the states Romney won? Yes. Here s a look at the competitive ones:  NORTH CAROLINA (98 percent reporting):Trump 2,339,603  Obama 2,178,388  ARIZONA (73 percent reporting):Trump 947,284  Obama 930,669  GEORGIA (93 percent reporting):Trump 2,068,623  Obama 1,761,761  UTAH (78 percent reporting):Trump 360,634  Obama 229,463A review of the Romney 2012 states confirms that Trump, in this hypothetical matchup, would have carried every single one against Obama. It doesn t matter that Obama would have trounced Trump by nearly 300,000 votes in Michigan; by more than 200,000 in Wisconsin; by 175,000 in Virginia; and by 160,000 in Colorado. It s similarly meaningless that Obama would have narrowly defeated Trump in Iowa, Nevada, and New Hampshire. The 44th president carried all of those states in 2012, and in this hypothetical contest, he would successfully defend all of them. But it wouldn t be enough. The electoral college would produce a razor-thin margin: Trump 273, Obama 265.Via: National Review ",politics,"Nov 10, 2016",0
Republican Senator Collins 'leaning against' new healthcare bill: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Susan Collins has said she is “leaning against” the latest Republican healthcare bill, the Associated Press reported on Friday.  The Maine senator indicated she had major concerns with the proposal, AP said in a note on Twitter. ",politicsNews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
CFTC commissioner nominees pledge to complete position limit rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three of President Donald Trump’s nominees to serve as commissioners on Wall Street’s top derivatives regulatory agency on Thursday pledged to work to complete rules that would restrict trading by market speculators who bet on the rise and fall of prices. The nominees to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Republicans Dawn Stump and Brian Quintenz, and Democrat Rostin “Russ” Behnam, told the Senate Agriculture Committee during their confirmation hearing that they are committed to working to craft a final “position limits” rule that would limit speculators without harming farmers, ranchers and others who rely on futures markets to hedge their business risks. “I look forward to helping... finalize this rule,” said Stump, adding that she will work to ensure that the strategies agricultural businesses use to hedge “are not prevented in the future due to unworkable bonifide hedging restrictions.” Bonham said: “The relevant question is not whether or not position limits should be completed, but how they should be completed.”  The CFTC won broad new powers under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform to police the massive over-the-counter derivatives markets.  The agency has largely implemented the bulk of the rules, which required many kinds of derivatives to be cleared centrally to reduce the risk of default and traded on platforms with greater price transparency. The CFTC is primarily focused on reviewing more carefully how the rules are working and whether certain rules should be tweaked to reduce burdens.  Acting CFTC Chairman Chris Giancarlo, who is awaiting Senate confirmation as permanent chairman, earlier this year launched a review that aims to streamline and simplify existing regulations.  However, there are still a number of outstanding rules that need to be completed, with the position limits rule one of the most notable. Although there has generally been considerable tension between Democrats and Republicans over Trump’s nominees to various positions since January, there was no such divisiveness on display Thursday. Both Senate Agriculture Chairman Pat Roberts and Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow signaled they intend to support the nominations of all three. ",politicsNews,"July 27, 2017 ",1
WFP chief gets pledge from Congo's president on food aid access,"GENEVA (Reuters) - President Joseph Kabila has agreed to help aid reach a region of the Democratic Republic of Congo where ethnic conflict has spawned a humanitarian emergency, the head of the U.N. s World Food Programme said on Monday. WFP Executive Director David Beasley said he had also asked Congo s Prime Minister Bruno Tshibala to waive $9 million in administrative fees the organization had paid to the government, saying the sum could feed tens of thousands of people.  This country is destabilizing and it needs attention because if we don t give the attention now it could impact the entire region,  Beasley told reporters by phone from Kinshasa.  The conflict in Kasai region turned Congo into the world s biggest displacement crisis this year. Although many people have started going home, Beasley said Congo still had about 600,000 children on the brink of starvation and 7.7 million severely malnourished people. While visiting Kasai, where WFP has 1 percent of the $135 million needed for the next eight months, he said he saw horror in the eyes of women and children as they told of beheadings and brutality.   The Kasai region, it was rather appalling, in ways that are truly hard to explain, in ways you actually don t want to explain,  he said. Beasley said he met Kabila for about 45 minutes before meeting ministers and explained that the trust of aid donors needed to be rebuilt and that the government must provide access, safety and visas.   He gave me his assurances that he would do everything possible to address any and all needs that we brought to his attention,  Beasley said. Beasley, a former governor of the U.S. state of South Carolina, told Congo s prime minister that WFP had paid the government $9 million in administrative fees  just for access, just for being here , and asked him to scrap the fees.  As I told the government, the prime minister, and the ministers, if you take that $9 million and I m feeding people at 31 cents a day, you can do the math - that s 75,000 people, give or take, that we can feed in an entire year,  he said. Asked about the $9 million, government spokesman Lambert Mende said:  That s the first time I ve heard of anything like that.   We know that we have humanitarian needs because many people (in Kasai) are returning to their homes and we are working with our partners on that,  Mende said. Beasley said there was donor fatigue but addressing the Kasai situation immediately would save lives and money. ",worldnews,"October 30, 2017 ",1
Egypt FM to head to Ethiopia after Nile dam talks stall,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry will visit Addis Ababa next week for talks with his Ethiopian counterpart, a foreign ministry spokesman said, in a bid to end a standoff over a multi-billion dollar dam project on the Nile river. The dispute, which also involves Sudan, centers on control of a share of the waters of the Nile that stretches 6,695 km (4,184 miles) from Lake Victoria to the Mediterranean and is the economic lifeblood of all three countries. Cairo says the dam would threaten water supplies that have fed Egypt s agriculture and economy for thousands of years. Ethiopia says the Grand Renaissance Dam, which it hopes will help make it Africa s largest power exporter, will have no major effect on Egypt. It accuses Cairo of flexing its political muscle to deter financiers from backing other Ethiopian power projects. Delegations from Egypt, Sudan and Ethiopia met in Cairo in November to approve a study by a French firm commissioned to assess the dam s environmental and economic impact. But negotiations stalled when they failed to agree on the initial report with each blaming others for blocking progress. Sudan s Irrigation Minister Moataz Moussa said Egypt was unwilling to accept amendments to the report put forward by Khartoum and Addis Ababa. Sudan and Ethiopia had expressed concern over several points, especially the proposed baseline from which the study would measure the dam s impacts, Moussa said in November. Another source of disagreement is whether Ethiopia plans to complete construction before negotiations over water flows have finished.  It s clear they don t want to reach conclusions quickly. We believe they probably want to start filling the dam and complete construction while there are still some ongoing discussions,  said Mahmoud Abou Zeid, Arab Water Council Chair and former Egyptian irrigation minister. He said this would violate an agreement signed by all three countries in Khartoum in 2015 meant to ensure diplomatic cooperation and stem fears of a resource conflict. Cairo fears the 6,000-megawatt dam, being built by Italy s largest construction firm, Salini Impregilo SpA, and due for completion next year, will reduce the flow it depends on for drinking water and irrigation. Egyptian officials say safeguarding the country s quota of Nile water is a matter of national security.  No one can touch Egypt s water ... (which) means life or death for a population,  President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said last month. ",worldnews,"December 24, 2017 ",1
"TRUMP ANNOUNCES Two More Companies Join “America First” Job’s Campaign…8,000 JOBS! [VIDEO]", ,politics,"Dec 29, 2016",0
EU citizens leaving UK pushes down net migration after Brexit vote,"LONDON (Reuters) - Net migration to Britain fell to its lowest level in three years in the 12 months to the end of March, with more than half the drop caused by European Union citizens leaving and fewer arriving since the Brexit vote.  The biggest drop in the figures came from eight eastern European countries, including Poland and Hungary, that joined the EU in 2004, leading to a migration to Britain of many eastern Europeans hoping for better-paid jobs.  Net migration, which shows the annual difference between those moving to and leaving the country, has been falling since Britain s June 2016 vote to exit the European Union.  According to the Office for National Statistics, it stood at 246,000 in the 12 months to the end of March, down 81,000 from the previous year and compared with the 336,000 record number that was published just before the Brexit referendum.  Within the 246,000, some 127,000 were from the EU, down 51,000 to its lowest level since the 12 months ending December 2013, as emigration rose and immigration fell compared to the previous 12 months. Business leaders said the drop in net migration was a serious concern for firms worried about wage inflation and an inability to fill skills gaps with British workers.  No one should celebrate these numbers,  Seamus Nevin, Head of Employment and Skills Policy at the Institute of Directors, said in a statement.   Given unemployment is currently at its lowest level ever (4.5 percent), without the 3 million EU citizens living here the UK would have an acute labor shortage. Signs that it is becoming a less attractive place to live and work are a concern.   According to an industry survey published on Thursday, nearly half of businesses operating in Britain s food supply chain say EU employees are thinking about leaving because of uncertainty around Brexit. Nearly a third said staff had already left [nL4N1L94S1]. The government has said it is still committed to an election promise to reduce the numbers to the  tens of thousands , first made in 2010 and designed to reassure Britons who were worried about the impact immigration had on public services.  Many Britons cited immigration as their reason for voting  Leave  in the referendum.     Britain has said it aims to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in Britain and particularly important to sectors of the economy such as construction and the food and hospitality industries.  But Migration Watch UK, an advocacy group which has long called for immigration to be cut, said that while Thursday s figures were a positive sign, they remained too high.   This is a step forward but it is largely good fortune,  said Chairman Andrew Green.  This should not obscure the fact that migration remains at an unacceptable level of a quarter of a million a year with massive implications for the scale and nature of our society.  ",worldnews,"August 24, 2017 ",1
"WOW! WORLD’S TOP PHYSICIST AND DEMOCRAT: Obama Backs “Wrong Side” In War On “Climate Change”, Follow The Money, Carbon Does Far More Good Than Harm","B b but does this mean global climate change is not man made and that man is not more powerful than God? Here s our Liar In Chief trying to tell America that all of the top scientists in America agree with him:The climate models used by alarmist scientists to predict global warming are getting worse, not better; carbon dioxide does far more good than harm; and President Obama has backed the  wrong side  in the war on  climate change. So says one of the world s greatest theoretical physicists, Dr Freeman Dyson (pictured above), the British-born, naturalised American citizen who worked at Princeton University as a contemporary of Einstein and has advised the US government on a wide range of scientific and technical issues.In an interview with Andrew Orlowski of The Register, Dyson expressed his despair at the current scientific obsession with climate change which he says is  not a scientific mystery but a human mystery. How does it happen that a whole generation of scientific experts is blind to the obvious facts. This mystery, says Dyson, can only partly be explained in terms of follow the money. Also to blame, he believes, is a kind of collective yearning for apocalyptic doom.It is true that there s a large community of people who make their money by scaring the public, so money is certainly involved to some extent, but I don t think that s the full explanation.It s like a hundred years ago, before World War I, there was this insane craving for doom, which in a way, helped cause World War I. People like the poet Rupert Brooke were glorifying war as an escape from the dullness of modern life. [There was] the feeling we d gone soft and degenerate, and war would be good for us all. That was in the air leading up to World War I, and in some ways it s in the air today.Dyson, himself a longstanding Democrat voter, is especially disappointed by his chosen party s unscientific stance on the climate change issue.It s very sad that in this country, political opinion parted [people s views on climate change]. I m 100 per cent Democrat myself, and I like Obama. But he took the wrong side on this issue, and the Republicans took the right side.Part of the problem, he says, is the Democrats  conflation of  pollution  (a genuine problem) with  climate change  (a natural phenomenon quite beyond mankind s ability to control).China and India rely on coal to keep growing, so they ll clearly be burning coal in huge amounts. They need that to get rich. Whatever the rest of the world agrees to, China and India will continue to burn coal, so the discussion is quite pointless.At the same time, coal is very unpleasant stuff, and there are problems with coal quite apart from climate. I remember in England when we burned coal, everything was filthy. It was really bad, and that s the way it is now in China, but you can clean that up as we did in England. It takes a certain amount of political willpower, and that takes time. Pollution is quite separate to the climate problem: one can be solved, and the other cannot, and the public doesn t understand that.The short-to-medium term solution to the pollution problem, he argues, is the replacement of coal with much-maligned shale gas, whose rejection by much of Europe he finds unfathomable and counter-productive.As far as the next 50 years are concerned, there are two main forces of energy, which are coal and shale gas. Emissions have been going down in the US while they ve going up in Europe, and that s because of shale gas. It s only half the carbon dioxide emissions of coal. China may in fact be able to develop shale gas on a big scale and that means they burn a lot less coal.It seems complete madness to prohibit shale gas. You wondered if climate change is an Anglophone preoccupation. Well, France is even more dogmatic than Britain about shale gas!Dyson, 91, has enjoyed a long, distinguished career as a physicist, mathematician and public intellectual, showing promise as early as the age of five when he calculated the number of atoms in the sun. During World War II, he worked at the Operation Research Section of the Royal Air Force s Bomber Command, before moving to the US where Robert Oppenheimer awarded him a permanent post at the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton. He also worked at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, looking at the climate system 25 years ago, before it became a hot political issue.The dangers of carbon dioxide, he believes, have been much overrated. In a foreword to a report for The Global Warming Policy Foundation by Indur Goklany called Carbon Dioxide: The Good News,   as reported here at Breitbart   he says:To any unprejudiced person reading this account, the facts should be obvious: that the non-climatic effects of carbon dioxide as a sustainer of wildlife and crop plants are enormously beneficial, that the possibly harmful climatic effects of carbon dioxide have been greatly exaggerated, and that the benefits clearly outweigh the possible damage.I consider myself an unprejudiced person and to me these facts are obvious. But the same facts are not obvious to the majority of scientists and politicians who consider carbon dioxide to be evil and dangerous. The people who are supposed to be experts and who claim to understand the science are precisely the people who are blind to the evidence.He likens the  climate change  issue to some of the other  irrational beliefs  promoted through history  by famous thinkers and adopted by loyal disciples. Sometimes, as in the use of bleeding as a treatment for various diseases, irrational belief did harm to a large number of human victims. George Washington was one of the victims. Other irrational beliefs, such as the phlogiston theory of burning or the Aristotelian cosmology of circular celestial motions, only did harm by delaying the careful examination of nature. In all these cases, we see a community of people happily united in a false belief that brought leaders and followers together. Anyone who questioned the prevailing belief would upset the peace of the community.Dyson s refusal ever to accommodate himself with the modish notions of the hour may explain why, unlike some of his less distinguished and brilliant contemporaries over the years, he has never been awarded a Nobel Prize.He concludes: I am hoping that the scientists and politicians who have been blindly demonizing carbon dioxide for 37 years will one day open their eyes and look at the evidence. Via: Breitbart News",Government News,"Oct 15, 2015",0
 John Boehner Launches Blistering Attack On ‘Miserable Son of a B*tch’ Ted Cruz,"Former Republican speaker John Boehner has launched a blistering attack on GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz, in which he describes the Texas senator as satan incarnate, and a  miserable son of a b*tch. Boehner was asked about his views on Cruz and other presidential candidates during an event held at Stanford University this week. The Stanford Daily reported that Boehner replied: I have Democrat friends and Republican friends. I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a b*tch in my life. Adding that he considers Cruz to be: Lucifer in the flesh. This was in sharp contrast to his views on the other candidates. Boehner revealed that he is on friendly terms with frontrunner Donald Trump, stating that the two are actually  texting buddies.  One can only imagine the contents of those texts.And how does Boehner feel about outside challenger and fellow Ohioan John Kasich? Not much apparently. [Kasich] requires more effort on my behalf than all my other friends  but he s still my friend, and I love him. Boehner went on to state that in the event of a run off between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, he would throw his vote and support behind a Trump candidacy. Of course, the frontrunner may well be forced to consider that with a friend like Boehner, he may require no enemies. The former speaker is, like Trump, a fairly divisive figure in the Republican Party and wider conservative movement.Of course, as Addicting Info s Matthew Desmond pointed out earlier today, this is all becoming a moot point. Like it or not, the campaigns of Ted Cruz and John Kasich are essentially over. Donald Trump is the de facto Republican candidate for President.The GOP clown car has delivered perhaps the most repugnant presidential candidate since Barry Goldwater. The party will have to live with that, but America still has the chance to repeat the landslide of 1964 against Trump in 2016   and remind the world that the U.S. is committed to progress, not hate.Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons/Flickr Creative Commons",News,"April 28, 2016",0
"Before election, Putin proposes writing off part of Russians' debts","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is running for re-election in March, has proposed writing off some of the tax debts accumulated by Russian individuals and small businesses. A total of about 80 billion roubles ($1.4 billion) would be written off under Putin s proposal, a high-ranking official told Reuters. Speaking at his annual news conference, Putin said that some of the debt accumulated because of flaws in Russia s tax system.  I think that people should be freed from these payments, and it should be done in the most de-bureaucratic way, without the need to apply to a tax inspection,  he added. He estimated that debts of 42 million people worth 41 billion roubles should be written off. The high-ranking official told Reuters that Putin was speaking about debts for property tax and penalties accrued before 2015 that the tax service recognizes as uncollectible. The debts of 2.9 million self-employed entrepreneurs worth more than 15 billion roubles should also be written off, Putin said. He also proposed writing off profit tax, accumulated by some Russian citizens on their so-called waived debts. According to the high-ranking official, the latter would mean writing off 22 billion roubles. ($1 = 58.8600 roubles) ",worldnews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
'Can I get it to go?' Canada's Trudeau charms  Manila while ordering fried chicken,"MANILA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau hopped from one table to the next, chatted with people and posed for selfies on Sunday at a fastfood chain store in Manila, charming residents of the Philippines capital for the second time in two years. Trudeau, in Manila for a summit of regional leaders, dropped in at an outlet of fastfood giant Jollibee Foods Corp  after a visit to a nearby women’s clinic that advocates family planning, a touchy subject in the Catholic-majority Philippines. He greeted nearly everyone in the store, shaking hands and exchanging hugs with fans after ordering fried chicken and a strawberry float. “Can I get it to go? I’ll eat it in the car,” Trudeau said, before going behind the counter for a photograph with Jollibee staff. Earlier, when he landed at Clark airport, a smiling Trudeau waded into a crowd of children gathered to greet dignitaries arriving for the summit, exchanging high fives and waving to others.  During his last visit to Manila, Trudeau won a Twitter poll with the hashtag #APEChottie that asked people to vote for the most attractive leader at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in 2015. “He’s so handsome! And he’s very nice,” said 29-year-old Rina Aparicio, among the customers at the fastfood outlet. “I asked for a selfie and he said yes right away.” Outside the store, hundreds of people screamed and shouted  as Trudeau got into his car, waving what appeared to be hastily written placards saying “Welcome to the Philippines!” Trudeau visited the first Jollibee store in Winnipeg, Canada in January, a country with hundreds of thousands of Filipino immigrants. Jollibee, a $5 billion company that has been dubbed the McDonald’s of the Philippines, is looking to go global with primary targets including China and the United States.  The company, which also serves burgers and sweet spaghetti, is opening another outlet in Winnipeg this month and plans are to increase that to 30 in five to 10 years, said Jose Minana, a Jollibee executive. Minana said the company did not seek out Trudeau for the visit, and said it was requested by Canadian officials. “We’re very humbled by him taking time from his obviously busy schedule to give us a slice of his time,” said Minana. “I’d like to also think that he enjoys the food.” ",politicsNews,"November 12, 2017 ",1
ABC Producing Comedy Involving Illegal Alien Family…That’s Funny?,"ABC just announced  that it s  developing  a comedy series about an illegal alien family. This is an attempt to normalize criminal illegal behavior, Yes, you broke the law when you crossed our border! There s nothing funny about that!The sitcom, tentatively titled Sanctuary Family, centers on a husband and wife who constantly clash over the chaos created when they provide sanctuary for their undocumented nanny and her family, Deadline reports. The two families slowly come to learn that their similarities far outweigh their differences.The ABC comedy joins a growing number of network and cable projects that take on the hot-button political issue of immigration and illegal aliens in America.CBS IS GETTING INTO THE  ILLEGAL  GAME TOO:Two undocumented immigrant-focused dramas are in the works at CBS and The CW from Golden Globe Award-winning actress and activist Gina Rodriguez (PICTURED BELOW)The CBS project, Have Mercy, follows a Latina doctor who, after being unable to practice when she immigrates to Miami, begins running a makeshift clinic in her apartment to serve the community. The CW series, titled Illegal, is a lighthearted hourlong  undocumented family sitcom  centered on a 16-year-old boy struggling to come to grips with his and his family s undocumented status.READ MORE: BREITBART NEWS ",left-news,"Sep 22, 2017",0
"U.S., China discuss 'mutually beneficial' economic relationship","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi on Tuesday discussed improving and maintaining a “mutually beneficial economic relationship” between the United States and China, the State Department said. Tillerson and Yang, China’s top diplomat, affirmed the importance of “regular high-level engagement” between the two countries during their meeting in Washington, and discussed North Korea’s nuclear program, the State Department said in a statement. China’s state news agency, Xinhua, quoted Yang as saying China was willing to work with Washington “to enhance exchanges on all levels from top down” and to broaden communication and coordination on regional and global issues, while respecting “each other’s core interests and major concerns.” “This will help promote sustained, steady and healthy development of the China-U.S. relations, which will benefit the peoples of not only both nations but also the whole world,” Xinhua quoted Yang as saying. The meeting was the latest exchange aimed at resetting relations between the world’s two largest economies following a rocky start after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president. On Monday, Yang, who outranks China’s foreign minister, met at the White House with Trump, who has attacked China on issues from trade, to the South China Sea and North Korea. They discussed shared security interests and a possible meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to a senior U.S. administration official. The State Department said Yang invited Tillerson to visit Beijing, and that Tillerson expressed interest in doing so.   Yang’s visit to the United States follows a phone call between him and Tillerson last week, during which they affirmed the importance of a constructive U.S.-China relationship.     Yang’s visit follows months of strong rhetoric from Trump, who has accused China of unfair trade policies, criticized its island-building in the strategic South China Sea, and accused it of doing too little to constrain its neighbor, North Korea. In December, Trump incensed Beijing by saying the United States did not have to stick to the “one China” policy, under which Washington acknowledges the Chinese position that there is only one China, of which Taiwan is a part. He later agreed in a phone call with Xi to honor the policy. In an interview with Reuters last week, Trump urged China to do more to rein in North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs. China later dismissed Trump’s remarks, saying the crux of the matter was a dispute between Washington and Pyongyang. ",politicsNews,"February 28, 2017 ",1
EU foreign policy chief expects strong EU backing for Iran deal,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Monday she expected strong backing from EU foreign ministers for the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers that the U.S. President Donald Trump has repeatedly criticized.     It s an agreement that is working. It s an agreement that we need for our security, and I would expect from the ministers today a strong signal of European unity and its support and the full commitment to have it implemented by all sides,  Mogherini told reporters before a foreign ministers meeting in Luxembourg.  ",worldnews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
 Maine GOP Governor’s Statement On Drug Overdoses Proves ‘Pro-Life Republicans’ Don’t Exist,"If I were to tell you that Republicans simply hate regular American citizens, that wouldn t be news. To suggest that they just wish the poor, criminals, and other less advantaged segments of society would do them a favor and just die already, wouldn t come as a shock either.However, what is a bit shocking is to hear a Republican SAY IT so boldly and in such a smug and self-righteous manner.Maine s Republican governor, Paul LePage, just vetoed a bill that would allow pharmacists to provide anti-overdose drugs for use on victims without a prescription. If that isn t  bad enough, wait till you read his reason why.Pro-life? Yeah right.LePage proudly announced his support of increased overdose deaths, saying that using anti-overdose drugs  serves only to perpetuate the cycle of addiction. LePage said that the drug, Naxolone, doesn t  save lives    it only extends them until the next overdose.A governor of a U.S. state just literally said that he would rather his own citizens DIE than be able to get assistance with a drug that could prevent death long enough to get them to a hospital. HOW THE HELL IS HE STILL IN OFFICE?Why stop there? Why not just say ALL medical treatment or medicine should be made unavailable because it only extends life? Got meningitis? Tough luck, you will only grow old and die anyway some day. Cancer? Screw you. Go die in the corner.It s important to remember too, that there is currently a serious heroin use epidemic going on in northeastern states, Maine in particular. Having this drug available without a prescription, to be kept in the case of an emergency, could mean the difference between life and death for thousands of people who struggle with addiction.Paul LePage is the perfect personification of all the hate, contempt, greed, and joy in the harm of others that is at the rotten heart of modern American conservatism. Pro-life, my ass.Watch Rachel rip the hell out of a genuinely terrible Republican below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"April 24, 2016",0
THE LEFT AND JK ROWLING GO BALLISTIC! Claim Trump Ignored Disabled Boy…We’ve Got The Truth! [Video],"JK Rowling and the left went on a twitter tirade claiming that President Trump ignored a disabled boy:How stunning, and how horrible, that Trump cannot bring himself to shake the hand of a small boy who only wanted to touch the President. /4x  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 28, 2017That man occupies the most powerful office in the free world and his daily outrages against civilised norms are having a corrosive effect /3  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 28, 2017This video was reposted everywhere on twitter with the claim that Trump ignored the boy   Not true!President @realDonaldTrump snubbed a kid in a wheelchair today pic.twitter.com/qgG3k4BpBP  chrispossible (@chrispossible) July 24, 2017THE CRAZY LEFTISTS ARE WRONG AGAIN: President Trump goes right over to the little boy to shake his hand in the beginning of the video.There ya go! Will the left do anything to make Trump look bad? Yes!!!",politics,"Jul 28, 2017",0
"PRO-HILLARY New York Daily News Writer DESTROYS Hillary, Tells Her To, “Shut The F**k Up And Go Away”","Gersh Kuntzman is a writer for the New York Daily News, he was also a Hillary Clinton supporter, with emphasis on  was Gersh Kuntzman of the New York Daily News wrote: Hey, Hillary Clinton, shut the f  up and go away already.I voted for Clinton on Nov. 8 and thought she d be a good president.But she lost. And she still wants us to feel bad about that. And, worse, she s still blaming everyone else.On Tuesday at the Women for Women conference, she reminded us again what a flawed candidate she was last year   and what a flawed person she has always been.In her talk before a friendly audience, Clinton said she s writing a memoir   and said it s  painful  to revisit how Donald Trump beat her like a ragdoll in an election that was a lock.Painful? We re the ones in pain, Hillary. You re making millions to process it. We re the ones living it.Sorry, Simon & Schuster may want Hillary Clinton to write the history, but I m not about to let her re-write it. No one deserves more blame for the election debacle than Hillary Rodham Clinton.Gersh Kuntzman goes on to us count the ways:1. She was, indeed, untrustworthy: Remember her fainting spell at the 9/11 ceremony? Remember how long it took for her to tell the truth? Remember how that reminded every voter in America that Hillary Clinton s first instinct is to lie? Just like she did when she claimed she had taken sniper fire during a First Lady trip to Bosnia. Just as she did when she said she never sent classified documents over her private email server.Huntzman went on to call Hillary out on her email server, her Goldman Sachs speeches and her pathetic campaignGo to New York Daily News for entire story",left-news,"May 4, 2017",0
 Former George W. Bush Speechwriter Epically Blasts Republicans For Supporting Trump,"This is a HUGE condemnation of the Republican Party.Ever since Donald Trump kicked off his campaign for the presidency, Republicans have cowered before him endorsing him one by one even after saying that they disagree with him and despise the divisive and hateful rhetoric he spews.But former George W. Bush speechwriter Michael Gerson put his writing skills to use on Thursday to pen an epic rebuke of Donald Trump and the Republicans who support him. Trump pretty much represents the negation of everything I ve argued about politics and ideology for the last 30 years,  Gerson wrote on Facebook.What he is attacking is not just  the establishment.  He is attacking a way of doing politics based on persuasion, consensus, compassion and inclusion. Those who argue that conservatism is fundamentally at odds with these values know nothing of conservatism. But Trump represents the confirmation of the worse conservative and Republican caricatures   a belief that cultural and religious minorities are threats, a belief that America should abandon its deepest values in the conduct of global affairs, a belief that the values and institutions of our government have failed, and that the times require a strong hand.Gerson continued ripping Trump for wanting to tear down what makes America great.At its best (and, God knows, it has not always been at its best) America shows a welcoming spirit, an example of how a great nation can be united by ideals instead of bloodlines, a place, as George Washington said, where  there shall be none to make him afraid.  We should love American traditions and institutions enough to repair them, not hand them over to an authoritarian wannabe, who is too ignorant to even understand the inheritance he is casting away.And then he really let Trump have it.Trump s magical policy thinking, setting goals with no serious thought of how they might be achieved; his menacing encouragement of political violence; his disdain for ethnic and religious minorities, which has unleashed and emboldened racists and anti-Semites of every sort; his penchant for conspiracy theories, including a very dangerous vaccine denialism; his promises to conduct the war on terrorism by ordering war crimes, which would set up a constitutional crisis when the US military honorably refuses; his cynical manipulation of gullible religious leaders with tactics that border on blasphemy; his casual use of lies, which he defends even when exposed.Gerson then turned his focus toward the GOP and slammed them for supporting Trump even though he represents the destruction of all the progress America had made since gaining independence from Great Britain and damned them to regret it for all of time.How does any of this return lost greatness to our nation? Sometimes I want to shake people (intellectually,not physically) who favor political  disruption  and ask: Disruption in favor of what? Look at what you are doing! Look at what you have done! The Republican Party is now firmly harnessed to the wild, uncontrollable horses of fear and exclusion. It has already sustained damage with Latino voters that may take a generation to undo. And now many Republicans will find rationalizations to support Trump. That is natural   the reality of politics in every time. Many people simply go with the winner. But this isn t a normal time. I believe that the decision to support Trump, like an embarrassing tattoo, will follow them the rest of their lives. Republicans are not merely making a choice; they are looking into the abyss.Here s the full post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I feel bad, on one hand, to be so focused on (some would say, obsessed by) the Trump phenomenon. And it is my intention Posted by Michael J. Gerson on Thursday, March 17, 2016Gerson ended his post by leaving a link to an op-ed he wrote for the Washington Post in which he says Republicans are staining themselves by supporting Trump and that perhaps one of the only honorable option left to save themselves from being forever remembered as the party that destroyed America is to vote for Hillary Clinton.Seriously, Republicans. Listen to Michael Gerson. His advice may just save your party from killing itself.Featured image: Cagle",News,"March 17, 2016",0
 Pres. Obama Just Saved Chelsea Manning On His Way Out The Door,"Presidential commutations and pardons are not at all uncommon. However, they can sometimes be controversial. President Obama s commutations and pardons are no different. Case in point   his commutation of former Army soldier Chelsea Manning s 35-year prison sentence for her activities regarding leaking secrets to Wikileaks.Manning was charged and prosecuted as Bradley Manning, and then, after a great struggle, underwent gender reassignment surgery in prison and changed her name to Chelsea Manning. There was plenty of evidence that, like many transgender people, Manning was treated inhumanely in the military prison. She has attempted suicide on two occasions, and it is reported that she did not receive proper care after her surgery. She has also been subjected to solitary confinement.With President Obama s action, the cruel and unusual punishment Manning has been subjected to will come to an end on May 17, 2017. Manning will have been in jail for roughly seven years at that time.This also may help bring Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to justice, as last week Wikileaks tweeted the following: If Obama grants Manning clemency Assange will agree to US extradition despite clear unconstitutionality of DoJ case. While there is no way of knowing if this is true or not, considering who Julian Assange is, it would certainly be a step in the right direction.Of course, conservatives are hating on the President s decision. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas tried to say that President Obama s using his power in this way is bad for the cause of criminal justice reform: I think on the larger issue of criminal justice reform, the president is really undermining our political capital by granting clemency at an unprecedented rate. People say, well why should we change the sentencing rules in criminal justice reform if the president can just do it with a flick of his pen? This is, of course, a load of BS, but facts and Republicans don t mix very well these days. Anyone with a brain knows that an overhaul of the so-called  justice  system is needed, full stop. A few commutations and pardons here and there will not change that fact.Good on you, Mr. President, for doing the right thing. We sure will miss you.Featured image via Flickr",News,"January 17, 2017",0
SEE YA MITT! TRUMP Reportedly Chooses Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson For Sec Of State,"The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Tillerson was leading the field after former Mayor Rudy Giuliani took his name out of the running for the job. New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman reported that Tillerson was expected to meet with Trump today.- BreitbartThe 64-year-old veteran oil executive has no government or diplomatic experience, although he has ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The pick would put to rest weeks-long speculation of who would earn the post as the U.S. s top diplomat, and would place Tillerson fourth in line to the presidency.He will also be paired with former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton as his deputy secretary of state, one of the sources added, with Bolton handling day-to-day management of the department.  NBCTillerson is a surprising choice, particularly for establishment political forces who urged Trump to select Mitt Romney for the job. Romney signaled interest in the position, appearing publicly to recant his opposition to the president-elect s victory.It also shows that Trump will start fresh with his diplomatic team, rather than selecting a life-long politician. Tillerson has spent his life in the private sector, working with Exxon-Mobil and has business relationships around the world.Trump took a break from his deliberations over who to pick for the secretary of state job and other positions by attending the Army-Navy football game in Baltimore.He was joined by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who withdrew from consideration as secretary of state on Friday. ",politics,"Dec 10, 2016",0
LIBERAL HACK KATIE COURIC Says Fake News Is “Tearing [America] Apart”…Doesn’t Mention $12 MILLION Dollar Lawsuit Against Her For Producing Edited Story To Push Gun Control [VIDEO],"Katie Couric is a wolf in sheep s clothing. Dan Rather, Brian Williams and Katie Couric will forever be known as some of the worst liars at CBS and NBC, two of the three major news networks where most Americans used to go to get their news.Katie Couric, who still faces a $12 million defamation lawsuit stemming from a deceptive edit in a film she produced, decried the effect of fake news on America during an interview on Thursday.Couric told the New York Daily News she believes fake news is  tearing [America] apart at the seams  while discussing her latest effort cohosting a music and politics event in New York City.  I remember I got sent a lot of stories from friends who were quite educated and were like,  Did you see this?'  Couric said.  And I would say,  Come on, you re kidding, right? This is BS.' She did not mention the controversy surrounding a deceptive edit included in her 2016 film Under the Gun. During one scene in the movie Couric is shown asking a group of gun rights activists from the Virginia Citizens Defense League a question about background checks. The group is then shown sitting in silence for nine seconds with nobody offering a response to the question.  WFBListen to Rush Limbaugh explain why Katie Couric is  not a good person  and  not a nice woman :The makers of a new Katie Couric documentary on gun violence deceptively edited an interview between Couric and a group of gun rights activists in an apparent attempt to embarrass the activists, an audio recording of the full interview shows.At the 21:48 mark of Under the Gun a scene of Katie Couric interviewing members of the Virginia Citizens Defense League, a gun rights organization, is shown.Couric can be heard in the interview asking activists from the group,  If there are no background checks for gun purchasers, how do you prevent felons or terrorists from purchasing a gun? The documentary then shows the activists sitting silently for nine awkward seconds, unable to provide an answer. It then cuts to the next scene. The moment can be watched here:However, raw audio of the interview between Katie Couric and the activists provided to the Washington Free Beacon shows the scene was deceptively edited. Instead of silence, Couric s question is met immediately with answers from the activists. A back and forth between a number of the league s members and Couric over the issue of background checks proceeds for more than four minutes after the original question is asked.LISTEN HERE:John Lott, Jr. explains to The Blaze s Dana Loesch how this  documentary  was rigged from the outset:Under the Gun has been labeled  dishonest politicking in the guise of media coverage,   loose with the facts,  and  a full-length assault on guns and the Second Amendment  by those in the gun community since its debut on May 15.The Virginia Citizens Defense League labeled the deceptively edited segment featured in the film  unbelievable and extremely unprofessional.  Philip Van Cleave, the organization s president, said the editing was done deliberately to make it appear that league members didn t have a response to Couric s question. Katie Couric asked a key question during an interview of some members of our organization,  he said.  She then intentionally removed their answers and spliced in nine seconds of some prior video of our members sitting quietly and not responding. Viewers are left with the misunderstanding that the members had no answer to her question. Nora Ryan, the chief of staff for EPIX, the cable channel that is airing the documentary, told the Free Beacon in an email,  Under the Gun is a critically-acclaimed documentary that looks at the polarizing and politicized issue of gun violence, a subject that elicits strong reactions from people on both sides. EPIX stands behind Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, and their creative and editorial judgment. We encourage people to watch the film and decide for themselves.  Via: WFB",politics,"Jul 22, 2017",0
Republican Cruz speaks highly of Rubio when asked about possible VP running mate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican White House hopeful Ted Cruz said on Wednesday he is looking at who he might select as his vice presidential running mate should he become the party’s presidential nominee, and that he thinks highly of former rival Marco Rubio. Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, appeared on a CNN town hall with his wife, Heidi, and two daughters and showed a more personal side. He trails front-runner Donald Trump in the race to get 1,237 delegates to seal the nomination, but he expressed confidence he can emerge as the winner if he can chip away at Trump’s lead and force Republicans to pick their nominee at a contested convention in July. Cruz said he and his team are looking at possible vice presidential running mates. “We’re in the process now of looking at a number of different options,” said Cruz without mentioning names. Asked about Rubio, Cruz called him an “amazing communicator” who inspired millions across the country in his presidential campaign. “I consider Marco a friend,” said Cruz, adding that “anyone would naturally look at Marco” for the No. 2 position on the Republican ticket. Cruz and Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, engaged in bitter fights over illegal immigration during the campaign. Rubio was forced from the race after losing the Florida Republican primary on March 15. Cruz said they have now put those differences behind them. The town hall included some exchanges that were aimed at showing what Cruz is like at home. Heidi Cruz said that shortly after they were married, her husband once brought home 100 cans of soup, a haul that was so big she took them back. Asked if he had ever not followed his wife’s advice, Cruz said he could not remember any examples, but Heidi Cruz had a ready response for him. “Sometimes you don’t take out the trash when I ask you to,” she said. ",politicsNews,"April 14, 2016 ",1
Merkel can well imagine a European finance minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday she could well imagine a European finance minister but stressed that the creation of such a position would have to be underpinned with reforms of substance.  We certainly need to strengthen the governance of the euro zone ... I have nothing against a European finance minister. I can well imagine that,  she told a joint news conference in Berlin with French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe.  But what is important to me is that we underpin the slogans -  economic government  and  European finance minister  and  budget  - with substance.  Merkel added that although monetary policy in the euro zone was harmonized, economic cooperation was still  incoherent.  ",worldnews,"September 15, 2017 ",1
VIRAL VIDEO: MAN CALLS OUT BLACK LIVES MATTER For Not Helping Louisiana Flood Victims,Jerry L Washington asked the obvious question:  Where s the Black Panthers and Black Lives Matter Organizations at now??? I haven t seen not 1  Also please leave a donation so we can help as many families as we can who has lost everything. gofundme.com/2khyfguc ,politics,"Aug 20, 2016",0
Bahraini military court convicts six to death on terror charges," (In Dec. 25 story, removes reference to Shi ite Muslims in first paragraph, and changes  militant attacks  to  terrorist crimes  in second paragraph) DUBAI (Reuters) - A Bahraini military court sentenced six men to death and revoked their citizenship after they were convicted on charges of forming a terrorist cell and plotting to assassinate a military official, Bahrain news agency BNA reported on Monday. The men, including one soldier, were accused of several  terrorist crimes  and of attempting to assassinate a commander of the Bahraini army, BNA said. The court sentenced seven other people linked to the case to seven years in jail and revoked their citizenship, while five others were acquitted, BNA added, quoting a state prosecution statement. BNA said the 18 men involved in the case include eight who were convicted in absentia, having fled to Iraq and Iran. It was not clear which of the absent eight were sentenced to death and which to jail. Bahrain accuses mainly Shi ite Iran of stoking militancy in the kingdom, a strategic island where the U.S. Navy s Fifth Fleet is based, charges Tehran denies. Bahrain has a Shi ite Muslim majority population but is ruled by a Sunni royal family. The rulings are subject to appeal, the statement said. Bahrain in January executed three Shi ite men convicted of killing three policemen, including an officer from the United Arab Emirates, in a 2014 bomb attack. They were the first such executions in over two decades and sparked protests. Bahrain had seen occasional unrest since 2011 when authorities crushed protests mainly by the Shi ite majority demanding a bigger role in running the country. ",worldnews,"December 25, 2017 ",1
SETH RICH MURDER Has CHILLING SIMILARITIES To Clinton Body Count Victims,"Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].Just as in the Rich case, several of the people who died mysterious deaths were shot spontaneously and in public places, sometimes from behind, sometimes by unknown assailants and often just before they were set to release incriminating evidence concerning the Clintons  activities. In most cases, there were no signs of theft at the crime scenes. And while some of the deaths were ruled suicides, other cases remain a mystery.Rich worked for the Democratic National Committee as a data analyst and reportedly sent more than 44,000 DNC emails to WikiLeaks, including 17,761 attachments, from January 2015 through the end of May 2016. As WND reported, the DNC staffer had been in contact with WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen, who died just 17 days before the election of lung cancer.Rich was mysteriously shot and killed July 10, 2016. As WND reported, Rich was murdered near his affluent neighborhood in Washington, D.C. He was shot in the back with a handgun at 4:18 a.m. while he walked home, and nothing was taken from him. Rich, who called several people as he later walked home, was talking on the phone with his girlfriend, Kelsey Murka, when he was accosted a block from his house. He was transported to a local hospital and was pronounced dead at 5:57 a.m. If it was a robbery it failed because he still has his watch, he still has his money, he still has his credit cards, still had his phone, so it was a wasted effort except we lost a life,  said Rich s father, Joel, shortly after the bizarre murder.On July 22, just 12 days after Rich s death and days before the Democratic Party Convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks released 20,000 emails from DNC officials.Those leaked emails revealed, among other things, that the DNC tried to tip the scales in favor of Hillary Clinton s campaign and prevent Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders from becoming the party s nominee. The leaks were cited by some Democrats as one explanation for Clinton s election loss. Many accused the Russians of  hacking  and turning the tide for then-GOP candidate Donald Trump during the 2016 election.In one email released by WikiLeaks, Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta said he d like to  make an example  out of the person who leaked the emails. I m definitely for making an example of a suspected leaker whether or not we have any real basis for it,  Podesta wrote on Feb. 22, 2015, according to WikiLeaks.Only days after Rich s murder, Hillary Clinton cited the DNC staffer s death in her speech advocating for more gun control. From Sandy Hook to Orlando to Dallas, and so many other places, these tragedies tear at our soul,  Clinton said in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on July 12.  And so do the incidents that don t even dominate the headlines. Just this past Sunday, a young man, Seth Rich, who worked for the Democratic National Committee to expand voting rights, was shot and killed in his neighborhood in Washington. He was just 27 years old.   Surely we can agree that weapons of war have no place on the streets of America. The bizarre shooting of Rich shares some similarities with other murders listed in WND s exclusive report,  Clinton death list : 33 spine-tingling cases.  Many of the individuals included in the list were shot to death, though some of the deaths were ruled to be suicides. Others were killed in plane crashes, car wrecks and freak accidents.Vince Foster was deputy White House counsel and Hillary s friend and law partner who had connections to the Clintons  Travelgate and Whitewater scandals. In 1993, Foster was found dead in a park with a fatal gunshot wound to his mouth. As WND reported, his suicide was the subject of much speculation and three official investigations.Investigations by the U.S. Park Police, the Department of Justice, the FBI, Congress, Independent Counsel Robert B. Fiske and Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr concluded Foster s death was a suicide. However, as WND reported in 2003, one of Starr s key investigators challenged the official line, insisting the probe s result was predetermined, only a few plotters were required to engineer the result, the crime scene was altered and that major newspaper editors killed stories by reporters pursuing the truth. The Washington Post reported that federal investigators were not allowed to enter Foster s office after his death, but  White House aides enter[ed] Foster s office shortly after his death, giving rise to speculation that files were removed from his office. In his 2005 book  The Truth about Hillary: What She Knew, When She Knew It, And How Far She ll Go to Become President,  Edward Klein wrote of Hillary s involvement in the effort to remove Foster s files:As WND reported in February 2016, recently discovered evidence unearthed from boxes stored deep in the National Archives lend credence to theories about foul play and cover-up that have been hinted at by at least three books and countless articles.The newest piece to the puzzle was uncovered by two citizen researchers, one of whom was a witness involved in the case from the beginning. What had only been suspicions about missing death-scene photographs are now listed as facts in public documents.The smoking-gun information comes from two documents: a two-page letter of resignation and a 31-page memo both written by Starr s lead prosecutor, Miguel Rodriguez.Rodriguez refers in his letter to photographs showing a wound on Foster s neck   a wound that did not exist according to accounts in Starr s official government report.The obvious questions: How could a suicide victim be found with two wounds   a .38-caliber gunshot into the mouth that exited through his head and another wound on the right side of his neck that one of the paramedics described as a small-caliber bullet hole? And why would the government investigators go to great lengths to cover it up?Jerry Luther Parks: Shot in chest by mysterious gunmanTwo months after Foster died, Jerry Luther Parks   who had been head of security for Bill Clinton s headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas, during the 1992 presidential campaign and gubernatorial years  was shot through the rear window of his car with a semiautomatic handgun.As WND reported, Jerry Luther Parks was reportedly watching a news bulletin on the death of Foster when he turned from the television and muttered,  I m a dead man. His son, Gary, was with him in the room. It was July 21, 1993. Foster had just been found dead in Fort Marcy Park, about seven miles from the White House, across the Potomac River in Virginia. Foster had been shot through the head, said the bulletin, an apparent suicide.British journalist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard interviewed the Parks family extensively. In  The Secret Life of Bill Clinton,  he reported that Parks was a nervous wreck for the next two months. He packed a gun and drove evasively to shake off any possible pursuers. At one point, Parks told his family that Bill Clinton was  cleaning house  and that he was  next on the list. On Sept. 23, 1993, as Parks was driving to his suburban Little Rock home along the Chenal Parkway, a white Chevrolet Caprice with two men inside drove alongside and peppered Parks  car with semiautomatic gunfire. Parks  car ground to a halt. A man emerged from the white Chevy, fired two rounds into Parks  chest with a 9-mm pistol, then sped off.Several witnesses watched the murder. The killers were never found. As with so many other  Arkancides    the name given to the long list of suspicious deaths among Arkansas associates of the Clintons   Big Media ignored the event.One of the last people to see Foster alive was Linda Tripp, who then worked as a secretary for Foster s boss, White House Counsel Bernard Nussbaum. Tripp testified before Kenneth Starr s grand jury on July 28, 1998, that the reason she had leaked Monica Lewinsky s story to Michael Isikoff at Newsweek was that Tripp hoped the spotlight of national publicity might protect her from physical harm. I am afraid of this administration,  Tripp told the grand jury.She continued:  I have what I consider to be well-founded fears of what they are capable of   I had reasons to believe that the Vince Foster tragedy was not depicted accurately under oath by members of the administration   I knew based on personal knowledge, personal observations, that they were lying under oath. So it became very fearful to me that I had information even back then that was dangerous. A juror asked,  But do you have any examples of violence being done by the administration to people who were a threat to them? Tripp named Jerry Parks:  [T]he behavior in the West Wing with senior staff to the president during the time the Jerry Parks [murder report] came over the fax frightened me. He had been killed, she said.The  flurry of activity,  the closed-door meetings and the  hush-hush  atmosphere in the White House all struck her as ominous and frightening. Maybe you had to be there,  said Tripp. [The news of Parks  death] was something they wanted to get out in front of. There was talk that this would be another body to add to the list of 40 bodies or something that were associated with the Clinton administration. At that time, I didn t know what that meant. I have since come to see such a list. After the murder, Gary Parks told a staffer of the New York Observer his father and Vince Foster had investigated Clinton s affairs at Hillary s request. He said that Vince Foster had called up his father, who was working as a private investigator, to look into Clinton s romantic life in about 1980, after Bill Clinton had lost the governor s office following his first term. Parks said Hillary wanted a divorce. It looked like maybe the juggernaut she d believed in, and married, was over. Clinton had by then lost two big races and won two. Till the Comeback Kid   boy is Bill Clinton gutsy   won back the governorship in 1982. But in the early 80s, Parks said, Hillary asked her law partner Vince Foster to prepare a divorce case and Foster called Parks, who compiled a dossier of women s statements. Parks said that Hillary later decided against a divorce, but that his father held on to the dossier. Then in 1993, Parks said, after Vince Foster went to Washington, he demanded the return of the file, and even called Jerry Parks in the days before his, Foster s, death, to demand it. And that two months later his father was murdered, because, Parks said, he had held out on returning the file. (The L.R. police never solved his father s murder, not when I was looking into it a few years afterward.) John Hillyer: Mysterious timing of deathNBC cameraman John Hillyer had been working on an investigation of a drug-smuggling operation in Mena, Arkansas, while Clinton was the state s governor. He also helped with a 30-minute video called  Circle of Power  and  The Clinton Chronicles. As WND reported, video journalist Pat Matrisciana (producer of  The Clinton Chronicles ) began working on the film project in the early 1990s, he didn t realize what he and his cameraman were getting into. I had been contacted by a man named John Hillyer, an NBC cameraman who wanted to tell the real story about what was happening in Arkansas,  he said.When Matrisciana and Hillyer arrived in Arkansas and began interviewing people for the video, the criminality and intrigue were far worse than they had imagined. It was like going into some sort of banana republic that was run by a dictatorship,  he said.  We were followed on a regular basis. Matrisciana set up a  safe house  in an apartment complex in Little Rock where he and other journalists and investigators would meet to discuss stories of drug trafficking in Mena, the murder of two teenage boys there and whether or not Bill Clinton was involved in any of those activities.Hillyer and Matrisciana developed a friendship with Gary Parks, the son of Jerry Luther Parks, a former security chief of Clinton s presidential campaign. According to Matrisciana, Jerry Parks had been hired several years earlier by Foster on behalf of Hillary Clinton to put Bill Clinton under constant surveillance. Gary would go on surveillance stakeouts with his father as Jerry gathered photographic evidence of Clinton visiting with prostitutes, Gennifer Flowers and other women.When Foster s body was found in Fort Marcy Park, Jerry became paranoid that he might also be targeted for murder. He was right. When Jerry was assassinated in his car in September 1993, Gary and Jerry s widow believed it was related to his surveillance of Clinton.Gary Parks regularly stayed at the safe house, but was awakened one night when the door was kicked open by would-be assassins. When he quickly loaded his M-1 carbine, the sound of the bullet being chambered scared off the killers and they fled into the parking lot. Gary went to the window and thought he recognized one of the men as a member of the Gov. Clinton s security staff.On another occasion, when Matrisciana and others were preparing for a radio talk show at the safe house, an investigator scanned the apartment for  bugs  and discovered eight of them.During the course of their investigation, Matrisciana and Hillyer discovered a trail of unsolved murders of people who knew details about the teens  deaths. Others who died mysteriously had inside information on drug ties to the political establishment in Arkansas. On one occasion, Hillyer was planning to conduct an interview with a former official of the Democratic National Committee, but the man never showed up for the interview. Hillyer learned the next day that the man, C. Victor Raiser II, and his son, Montgomery Raiser, had died in a plane crash.Matrisciana and Hillyer were also going to interview a hermit who lived in the mountains near where the teens had been killed. Two days before the scheduled interview, the hermit died.Hillyer started to fear for his own life, telling Matrisciana that he thought they would kill him by making it look like he had a heart attack. After the film was completed, Hillyer went on to other projects and ended up living in Atlanta. In 1996, Matrisciana received a phone call from Hillyer. John told him he had uncovered new information that needed to be put on video, but that they couldn t talk on an unsecured phone. They planned on meeting to discuss the new information, but Hillyer died of a heart attack three days later, on Nov. 29, 1996.Did someone get to Hillyer? Matrisciana doesn t know. Were the hermit and DNC official killed for what they knew? Or were these simply coincidences? Again, Matriciana said he doesn t know, but he did think the deaths were unusual, considering the number of other people who have died under mysterious circumstances in Arkansas.Blacklisted News -On July 3, attorney Shawn Lucas, 38, helped serve the DNC with a lawsuit claiming then-DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz  rigged the primary for Hillary Clinton. The complaint was served before Wasserman Schultz resigned amid the Wikileaks email scandal on July 24.Less than one month after he helped serve the lawsuit, Lucas  girlfriend found him dead in his bathroom.Beverly Ann Fields, chief of staff at the Washington, D.C., Medical Examiner s office, told WND,  The cause and manner of death for decedent [Shawn] Lucas are still pending. Victor Thorn authored four books on the Clintons:  Hillary (and Bill): The Sex Volume,  Hillary (and Bill): The Drugs Volume,   Hillary (and Bill): The Murder Volume  and  Crowning Clinton: Why Hillary Shouldn t Be in the White House.  Thorn reportedly committed suicide with a gun on his 54th birthday on a mountaintop in Pennsylvania.Inquisitr reported that Thorn made several appearances on  The Russell Scott Show  and told the host,  Russell, if I m ever found dead, it was murder. I would never kill myself. As WND reported, Joe Montano, who served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee before Debbie Wasserman Schultz and was an aide to Hillary s running-mate, Tim Kaine, reportedly died of a heart attack after the Wikileaks DNC email dump. Montano was only 47.Former United Nations General Assembly President John Ashe was found dead in His New York home, and the cause of death was reported as a heart attack, as WND reported. But the local Dobbs Ferry police said  his throat had been crushed, presumably by a barbell he dropped while pumping iron. The death by barbell of disgraced U.N. official John Ashe could become a bigger obsession for conspiracy theorists than Vince Foster s 1993 suicide,  the report by Richard Johnson said.It s because Ashe was scheduled to testify in just days with Chinese businessman and co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, who was accused of smuggling $4.5 million into the U.S. and lying that it was to buy casino chips and more.The New York Post said Ng earlier was identified in a 1998 Senate document  as the source of hundreds of thousands of dollars illegally funneled through an Arkansas restaurant owner, Charlie Trie, to the Democratic National Committee during the Clinton administration. One source told me,  Johnson wrote,  During the trial, the prosecutors would have linked Ashe to the Clinton bagman Ng. It would have been very embarrassing. His death was conveniently timed. Gareth Williams, a transatlantic MI6 spy   whose dead body was found naked, padlocked and stuffed in a 32-inch by 19-inch duffel bag that was sitting in his London bathtub   had illegally hacked secret data on Bill Clinton, according to the U.K. Sun. The news site noted,  [H]is death is still one of Britain s most mysterious unsolved cases. Scotland Yard had announced the death as a suicide, saying he locked himself in the bag.But his DNA wasn t found on the lock. There were no palm prints on the edge of his bathtub.For the entire chilling list of people who crossed the Clinton s and ended up dead, go to WND ",politics,"May 16, 2017",0
"Tillerson pledges safe areas for refugees, more pressure on Islamic State","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday the United States would set up “interim zones of stability” to help refugees return home in the next phase of the fight against Islamic State and al Qaeda in Syria and Iraq. The top U.S. diplomat did not make clear where these zones were to be set up. He was addressing a meeting of 68 countries and organizations gathered in Washington to discuss accelerating the battle against Islamic State. “The United States will increase our pressure on ISIS and al Qaeda and will work to establish interim zones of stability, through ceasefires, to allow refugees to return home,” Tillerson told the gathering at the State Department, where the former oil executive was hosting his first major diplomatic event. Although it was unclear how the zones would work, creating any safe havens could ratchet up U.S. military involvement in Syria and mark a major departure from President Barack Obama’s more cautious approach.  Asked about Tillerson’s remarks, coalition spokesman Colonel Joseph Scrocca said the U.S. military had not yet received direction to establish any kind of “zones”.  Increased U.S. or allied air power would be required if President Donald Trump chooses to enforce ‘no fly’ restrictions, and ground forces might also be needed to protect civilians in those areas. A final statement at the end of the meeting did not mention the possibility of safe zones. Islamic State has been losing ground in both Iraq and Syria, with three separate forces, backed by the United States, Turkey and Russia, advancing on the group’s Syrian stronghold city of Raqqa. U.S. defense officials said on Wednesday the U.S.-led coalition has airlifted Syrian rebel forces in an operation near the Syrian town of Tabqa in Raqqa province.  “I recognize there are many pressing challenges in the Middle East, but defeating ISIS is the United States’ number one goal in the region,” Tillerson said. “As a coalition we are not in the business of nation building or reconstruction,” he said, adding that resources should be focused on preventing the resurgence of ISIS and equipping war-torn communities to rebuild. Wednesday’s event was the first meeting of the coalition since the election of Trump, who has pledged to make the fight against Islamic State a priority.  Tillerson called on coalition partners to make good on financial pledges to secure and rebuild areas where Islamic State has been pushed out. The coalition has pledged more than $2 billion in assistance for Iraq and Syria in 2017. Iraqi government forces, backed by the U.S.-led international coalition, retook several Iraqi cities from Islamic State last year and have liberated eastern Mosul.  While the jihadist group is overwhelmingly outnumbered by Iraqi forces, it has been using suicide car bombs and snipers to defend its remaining strongholds. Speaking to the same meeting, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi called for unity in the region to combat Islamic State and outlined Iraq’s progress in the fight. He said Iraq was now at the stage of “destroying” Islamic State, not just “containing” it. Recounting a Tuesday conversation with the Iraqi leader, Senator Lindsey Graham said Abadi believed reconstruction of Anbar province as well as Mosul in Nineveh province would cost about $50 billion. ",politicsNews,"March 22, 2017 ",1
"Trump on Twitter (Feb 8) - Immigration, Sheriffs, tornadoes","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : -If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics! [0703 EST] -I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision....... [0804 EST] -Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in southeastern Louisiana affected by today’s severe tornadoes. [0020 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",politicsNews,"February 8, 2017 ",1
South Korea to announce approval of environment report for THAAD deployment on Monday: official,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s environment ministry will announce on Monday its approval of an environmental assessment report for the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system in the country, a ministry official told Reuters. South Korea said in June that it will hold off installing remaining components of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) until it completes an assessment of the system s impact on the environment. The ministry will hold a briefing on the decision at 3:30 p.m. (0630 GMT) on Monday, the official said. ",worldnews,"September 4, 2017 ",1
 Americans Gloriously Mock Trump After He Brags About How Little TV He Watches (TWEETS),"Nothing is wrong. Pay no attention to the fire raging all around you. All is well.This is the message coming out of the Trump White House in the wake of his son s admission that he and multiple others members of the campaign and the administration knowingly met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer who would be presenting them with damaging information about Hillary Clinton. On behalf of the Russian government. In Trump Tower. Just before The Donald tweeted about Hillary Clinton s emails for the first time.In fact, things are going so well, says Trump, that for the first time in his life he has no time to watch  the shows    you know, those things he tweets clips of as he obsessively consumes right-wing  news. The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things,  Trump tweeted.  I have very little time for watching T.V. This appears to be a response to reports that The Donald has blown one or several gaskets over coverage of his son committing treason   perhaps because he knows he s next.Trump s  TV  remark is strange given that he probably watches more TV than you and me combined, doubled and squared, then multiplied by eleventeen (NOTE FOR CONSERVATIVES:  Eleventeen  is not a real number; you don t have to learn anything new, don t worry).The White House, which is plagued by legitimate scandals (unlike the years of bullsh*t surrounding President Obama s mustard preferences and Hillary Clinton s nonexistent child prostitution ring), is absolutely not functioning properly   and Americans were glad to stop by to tell Trump what they thought of his new ridiculous tweet:Trump retweets Fox & Friends almost daily. Little time for watching TV!? Stop lying. He s a couch potato.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 12, 2017Says the guy who regularly rage tweets things he just saw on TV  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) July 12, 2017And when something is  functioning perfectly,  you don t usually have to point it out. Perfect function is something that speaks for itself  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) July 12, 2017pic.twitter.com/dgbGXMUNpi  Mike Rundle (@flyosity) July 12, 2017You ve retweeted @FoxandFriends three days in a row. You clearly watch TV  Edward Hardy (@EdwardTHardy) July 12, 2017LOL https://t.co/TWVhmn0EC5  Media Matters (@mmfa) July 12, 2017#collusionburger #treasonburger I m a Christian too. Trump = Judas. He sold America for 30 rubles. pic.twitter.com/ehGvPRSqot  Susan   (@susanmitch7) July 12, 2017 I have very little time for watching TV,  he said, responding to reports on TV.  Mike Le (@WriterLe) July 12, 2017No time for TV. Literally all the time in the world for tweets.  Craig Stone (@craigstone_) July 12, 2017If my husband came home and randomly said  I have very little time for an affair,  I would be very suspicious.  Dani Bostick (@danibostick) July 12, 2017Trump s TV viewing habits are well-known by now, so we know he s watching   he is just terrified of what he sees.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images",News,"July 12, 2017",0
White House: No evidence has emerged about U.S. voting fraud,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There has been no evidence of widespread election fraud in the Nov. 8 presidential contest, the White House said on Monday in reaction to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s tweet over the weekend alleging millions of illegal votes and fraud in three states.  White House spokesman Josh Earnest, speaking to reporters at a daily briefing, deferred comments on Trump’s specific tweets to the president-elect’s team, but added: “What I can say, as an objective fact, is that there has been no evidence produced to substantiate a claim like that.” ",politicsNews,"November 28, 2016 ",1
PROPAGANDA: Star Trek Beyond – Social Justice Warriors in Space,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireThe last Star Trek reboot saw Benedict Cumberbatch as Kahn, the berserk super soldier who was angry about the  Federation  doing some such nefarious thing to his people group.  This installment  included curious references to false flags which I detailed here.Before that, in the initial reboot, there was an angry alien who attacked the Federation over his tribal group being shat upon (or, Shatnered upon!).  So, for the third time in a row, we have roughly the same plot of dispossessed discontent tribalists and unique people groups who become terrorists when their way of life is encroached upon by the United Nations, er, NATO, er, New World Order, er Federation.We have seen this pattern often in the Star Trek, but in the recent installment, it s even more pronounced as we discover the character Sulu is gay.  Indeed, trans-specism and the destruction of people groups under liberal tyranny has always been the worldview of Star Trek   Gene Roddenberry was a rabidly atheistic globalist (or, as an even darker possibility, was Roddenberry a member of an occultic group known as  The Nine, ?).There is some interesting evidence connecting Roddenberry (connected to the Esalen Institute  which I covered here) to esoteric groups, mind control and the Rand Corporation.  This would explain the many gnostic, scientistic, platonic and at times interestingly philosophical episodes, in the original series and its Next Generation successor.Secret Sun blog explains: So if you were hawking a sci-fi religion, who better to approach than the creator of the sci-fi sensation of the early/mid 70s? From 2008:In early 1975, a broke and depressed Roddenberry was approached by a British former race car driver named Sir John Whitmore, who was associated with a strange organization called  Lab-9.  Though unknown to the public, Lab-9 were ostensibly a sort of an independent version of the X-Files, dedicated to the research of paranormal phenomena. However, Lab-9 had another, more complex agenda- they later claimed to be in contact with a group of extraterrestrials called the  Council of Nine Lab-9 had wanted to hire Roddenberry to write a screenplay based on the Council of Nine s imminent return .Lab-9 flew him out to their headquarters, located on a large estate in Ossining, NY. There, Roddenberry met and interviewed several psychics, and prepared the groundwork for his script.Roddenberry wrote a script called The Nine, in which he fictionalized his experiences at Lab-9 and the message for humanity that the Council of Nine wished to convey Beam me up, RAND!(T)his was no ragtag bunch of hippie phreaks that Roddenberry was dealing with Roddenberry biographer Joel Engel noted that Whitmore introduced Roddenberry to several key figures in the British Broadcasting Corp. as well.  In regard to the connection to RAND, Opsecnews states:According to the TrekPlace website Harvey P. Lynn, Jr. (?-1987), a member of the prestigious RAND Corporation, provided Star Trek original series creator Gene Roddenberry with scientific and technical advice during preproduction of the series.On the Rand Corporation s website the question is asked whether a RAND researcher designed the initial bridge of the Enterprise. The answer given is,  A Rand researcher, Harvey Lynn, was consulted, but as a private citizen, not as part of a RAND project. However in an interview from 1965 Jeffrey Hunter, who played captain Christopher Pike in the Star Trek pilot  The Cage  and preceded William Shatner as first captain of the Enterprise stated,  The things that intrigues me the most is that it is actually based on the Rand Corporation s projection of things to come. Except for the fictional characters, it will be like getting a look into the future and some of the predictions will surely come true in our lifetime. The inherent contradiction that Star Trek continually demonstrates is the contradiction of the liberal philosophy   and I mean in this in the classically liberal sense, that radical egalitarianism and atomistic individualism creates a horrid collective gathered around nothing more than liberalism itself.  In this way, liberalism and its epistemic and cultural relativism can only allow for itself, and must destroy and exclude all other options, including even non-liberal democracy.In numerous Star Trek episodes, we even see the  Prime Directive  of the Federation s commitment to not violating an existing culture violated under the pretended facade of liberal  rights  and values.   Western NGOs and foundations fulfill this very role today, with a cover of aiding the downtrodden, while secretly working for western political ends, as we see in the Soros-funded  White Helmets scam. (If anyone doubts RAND connections to Hollywood, let s not forget the 2014 faux scandal of The Interview). Ironically, the new film demonstrates this toxic cultural imperialism explicitly.  GlobalResearch explains: Aside from not addressing the darker side of US foreign policy, Hollywood movies like Forrest Gump carry subliminal messages. In the words of the US culture and entertainment magazine Rolling Stone:  The message of Forrest Gump was that if you think about the hard stuff too much, you ll either get AIDS or lose your legs. Meanwhile, the hero is the idiot who just shrugs and says  Whatever! whenever his country asks him to do something crazy.  What Rolling Stone is saying that listen to what you are commanded to do.Then there are movies like American Sniper that collapse US foreign policy into the simplistic notion of individual characters. What this does is collapse the event and the soldiers into one, which means that if ones criticize a US war that you are attacking the soldiers and their convictions. This is hiding behind the soldiers and detracting from the real issue of an illegal invasion and occupation. Nor is there any mention of Abu Ghraib or the false weapons of mass destruction lies. Rolling Stone had this to say about American Sniper:  Sniper is a movie whose politics are so ludicrous and idiotic that under normal circumstances it would be beneath criticism. The only thing that forces us to take it seriously is the extraordinary fact that an almost exactly similar worldview consumed the walnut-sized mind of the president who got us into the war in question. It s the fact that the movie is popular, and actually makes sense to so many people, that s the problem,  it also adds. In fact, as a result of the movie there was an increase in hate crimes in the US and negative feelings towards Arabs and Muslims. I was tempted to draw up an elaborate analysis of symbols and deeper meanings, but depth was absent in this film.  Other than an odd similarity between the  terrorist  character as a former soldier who went mad from radicalism (traditionalism!) being similar to the D.C.  sniper  event, Admiral Krall is merely a representation of any cultures or people groups who want a more traditional, organic existence and reject the Federation s globalism.  As such, they are  terrorists  who are impelled by their fury and insanity to bomb the glorious, multi-cultural megalopolis space city Yorktown.  In other words, all groups that aren t on board with globalism and liberal, inverted monoculture are terrists destined to attack New York.Krall thus represents the life-extension inherent in the damned traditionalism that will not die in the face of globalism.  Krall is a grotesque icon of the film s view of patriarchal, honor-based societies as a perpetual reptilian madness that humans must evolve beyond.  If you don t accept homo-mono-globo-liberalism, you are a terrorist that will unleash bioweapons in New York.The Holy United Nations and the space brothers have told the Pentagon humanity must evolve beyond distinctions and borders, and Gene and the pope are is its prophets. By the way   if the citizens of the multi cultural Yorktown space station can beam about at will, why didn t they just beam Admiral Krall into space when he had the bio weapon?Oops! #StarCuck #captainJamesTKuckREAD MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",US_News,"August 2, 2016",0
" This Female U.S. Senator Just Said What We’re All Thinking About Trump, And It’s PERFECT (TWEET)","If you couldn t figure out that Donald Trump was a scam artist and a fraud before the election, you re likely figuring that out now. And if you still haven t, just wait, you will soon.Throughout the course of Trump s campaign for the presidency he promised that he d bring change to Washington DC. That he would be the outsider to come in and save the day. Shake things up. Rattle the chains.By the end of Trump s campaign he even kept using the ridiculous bumper sticker-like slogan  Drain the Swamp  to describe what he would do the establishment politicians in DC and lobbyists. He campaigned on getting rid of politics as usual, but now we re learning, nope, he s just the same and he scammed everyone who voted for him.Calling this bulls*t out perfectly was none other than this badass female Senator from the great state of Missouri, Senator Claire McCaskill (D).Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) (Photo by Astrid Riecken/Getty Images)In response to the repeated appointments of not only DC insiders to Trump s cabinet, but also Wall Street scam artists, Senator McCaskill tweeted: Anxious to find any swamp drainers in Trump cabinet nominees. So far all Wall Street and consummate DC insiders. #fillingswamp Anxious to find any swamp drainers in Trump cabinet nominees. So far all Wall Street and consummate DC insiders. #fillingswamp  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) November 30, 2016And she s exactly right. Trump isn t  Draining the swamp  he s adding to it, as anyone with any foresight into Trump s scam artist ways could have told you long before he became the president-elect.Good on McCaskill for calling Trump s BS out where no one else seems to want to. He still the scam artist and fraud we always knew he was and is only in this for his self-interests and the interests of his corporate cronies.Featured Photo by Steve Pope/Getty Images",News,"November 30, 2016",0
"Trump considering Petraeus, others for Pentagon chief: WSJ","(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is considering retired General David Petraeus, who resigned as CIA chief in 2012 after an extra-marital affair was revealed, is being considered for the post of defense secretary, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing people with knowledge of the transition process. Also under consideration as Pentagon chief are retired Marine General James Mattis, retired Army General Jack Keane, former national security adviser Stephen Hadley and former Senator Jim Talent, the Journal said. Keane said on Twitter on Friday that he will not be joining the new administration. ",politicsNews,"November 18, 2016 ",1
SOLYNDRA ON WHEELS: THOUSANDS OF CHEVY VOLTS SIT UNSOLD,"Does anyone remember the $9,000 rebate offered to anyone buying a Volt? Yep, your tax dollars at work pushing a failed model to market instead of depending on demand. The GM bankruptcy was the biggest scam and cluster that flipped the rule of law due to Obama s desire to save the Unions over just about anyone else in the company. I could go on but the following article is yet another perfect example of Obama s effort to place ideology over the free market Under capitalism, companies produce the products that people want. Under corporatism (formerly known as  fascism,  before that word was redefined to mean  anything liberals don t like ), companies produce the products they are arm-twisted into producing by ideologically driven government thugs. The latter is less economically efficient, as the Regime of Hope & Change keeps proving:Production of the second-generation Chevrolet Volt is set to commence this summer, with the first cars going to customers sometime in the fourth quarter of this year. But before Chevrolet can concentrate on selling the all-new version of the plug-in hybrid EV, it needs to find a way to move the overstock of first-gen models currently sitting on dealer lots.According to The Detroit Free Press, Chevy dealers had about 6,000 2015 Volts on their lots at the end of April, more than twice the amount of Volts the automaker sold in the first four months of 2015.All this unsold inventory probably means that the amount Government Motors loses on each Volt produced will climb even higher   and it has already been high:In 2012, Reuters reported that GM was losing about $50,000 on each Volt it produced. Experts estimated then the Volt cost about $90,000 each to produce.Don t worry, if GM lurches back toward bankruptcy due to this lunacy, the Feds will bail it out again. You won t have to pay for it. Obama thoughtfully charges his mountains of waste to the national debt.Your grandchildren will pick up the tab.Via: moonbattery",Government News,"May 28, 2015",0
WATCH: FEMALE CAB DRIVER Entering Mandalay Bay Casino Property Records Video That Appears To Capture Gun Fire From More Than One Location,"Cori Langdon, a Las Vegas cab driver recorded her harrowing experience as she entered the Mandalay Bay Casino at about the same time gunshots were first being fired into the crowd at the Rt 91 country music festival in Las Vegas.Langdon was using her phone to videotape, as she was pulling into the Mandalay Bay Casino, when she heard gunshots. She can be heard telling the dispatch operator for her cab service that she hears what  sounds like automatic gunfire.  Cori Langdon hears more gun fire, and tells her dispatch operator that the gun shots sound like they re coming from a completely different area:  Now it sounds like its coming from farther away. After listening to Langdon s video recording of the event as it unfolded, one can t help but wonder if it s possible there was more than one shooter. Automatic gunshots are still being heard from the cab. Langdon tells her dispatch person:  Somethings going on. I m not sure why people aren t  running, but. There s a security guard, what s he doing? Ya know, for there being gunfire, it sure doesn t seem like people are runnin .  Oh, shit! Seriously? I don t know what s goin  on? Where are the cops at? I m right here by the porch of Mandalay Bay, and everything seems to be normal here.  More and more rapid-fire gunshots are heard. The radio dispatcher replies,  Remember, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. And everything seems normal when it s not. Langdon and the other drivers are then warned by another driver that claims he just got details from the metro police at the airport,  Do not go to Mandalay Bay!  Langdon then says she s leaving,  I m leaving. I don t know why people aren t leaving. This is insane. Everyone s just standing around, it doesn t seem like anybody s uh  moving.   She then gets a message on her radio telling her,  Shots fired.  They don t even know the details yet. I just talked to the Metro here at the airport and they re still getting the details, but there s multiple injuries and uh (inaudible) That s all they re saying though.  They re saying stay away from there, uh, they re shutting the whole place down. Langdon continues to have a conversation with her dispatch people on the radio in her car. She is remarkably calm amongst the chaos going on around her.  Langdon tells dispatch,  Alright, I m oughta here , as she speculates that she believes the shots are coming from the 10th floor of the hotel.  As she s attempting to leave the premises, some panicked concertgoers, who appear to be injured, enter her cab at the Mandalay Bay Casino. The passengers get into the car screaming,  Broken leg, broken leg! Drive, broken leg! Let s go, let s go Langdon asks the passenger where they want to go, to which they reply,  Anywhere! Langdon asks the passengers,  Is there somebody out there?  to which the passengers reply,   Yes, yes, and active shooter. The passengers reply,  Heck yeah! Go, go, go! Langdon:  Oh, oh, and active shooter? Alright. Passengers:  Go, go, go! Langdon:  Go, okay. Alright, alright. Oh g*d, alright, there is an active shooter then. The female passenger replies:  Yes, so many people are dead! Langdon asks:  Are you kidding me? The passengers appear to be in pain and are screaming in the back seat.Langdon yells at them: Okay, close the door, close the door! The passengers yell:  Okay, lock the doors! Go, go, please drive! Langdon:  Oh my g*d, okay. Alright, alright, I m going, I m going, okay. Oh shit! Where are we going? The male passenger is freaking out and asks:  Are you going as fast as you can? Are you f*cking videotaping this?Langdon replied:  Yeah, I am. I didn t know it was so bad! Okay. The female passenger implored Langdon to get out of the area:  Thousands of people are dead! Everybody s dead, c mon! and  go!  and get out of the area.Next, the passengers begin to panic, as Langdon isn t leaving the scene fast enough, not understanding how many people are running in front of her cab to get away from the scene.Langdon calmly drives people out of the scene as she relays the situation to her dispatch unit, and the passengers relay the horrific scene of dead people everywhere! to their parents on their cell phones.Watch:",politics,"Oct 3, 2017",0
"GEORGETOWN University Will Track Down, Recruit And Admit Students Who Are Descendants Of Slaves They Sold in 1838","Georgetown University has a 16.4% acceptance rate. That number just got smaller with their latest announcement to use the admissions office as a way to  atone  for their  racist  actions in 1838.  The same  Catholic  university that invited Planned Parenthood s president, Cecile Richards to speak to their students in March, 2016, is now offering preferential treatment (reparations) for students related to slaves they sold almost 200 years ago. Social justice warriors have replaced religion in the majority of our Catholic universities and colleges. Our government is using political correctness to strip away the faith of the citizens and replace it with government dependency. They are determining what our values should be, as defined by government officials, like those of our radical President, Barack Obama and his radical predecessor Hillary Clinton Georgetown University will give preference in admissions to the descendants of slaves owned by the Maryland Jesuits as part of its effort to atone for profiting from the sale of enslaved people.Georgetown president John DeGioia told news outlets that the university in Washington will implement the admissions preferences. He says Georgetown will need to identify and reach out to descendants of slaves and recruit them to the university.On Thursday morning, a university committee released a report that also called on its leaders to offer a formal apology for the university s participation in the slave trade.In 1838, two priests who served as president of the university orchestrated the sale of 272 people to pay off debts at the school. The slaves were sent from Maryland to plantations in Louisiana. NYP",left-news,"Sep 1, 2016",0
BREAKING: MI Court Of Appeals Orders Vote Recount To STOP…Jill Stein’s Democrat Activist Attorney Says Count Must Go On,"The Michigan Court of Appeals rejected Green Party candidate Jill Stein s request for a recount of presidential ballots in Michigan.The court ruled that the Board of State Canvassers should not have allowed the recount, because Stein has not chance of winning the presidential election due to the recount. Accordingly, we grant the requests of the Attorney General and President-Elect Trump for issuance of a writ of mandamus,  a court official said in a statement.  We direct the Board of State Canvassers to reject the Nov. 30, 2016 petition of candidate Stein that precipitated the current recount process. We retain jurisdiction. The Michigan Court of Appeals agreed that Jill Stein is not an aggrieved candidate and the recount must stop.  A.G. Bill Schuette (@SchuetteOnDuty) December 7, 2016The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the federal judge s order to continue the hand recount, but the Michigan Court of Appeals rejected the recount process.The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals made clear, in their ruling, that  If, subsequently, the Michigan courts determine that Plaintiffs  recount is improper under Michigan state law for any reason, we expect the district court to entertain any properly filed motions to dissolve or modify its order in this case. The combined effect of the two rulings appears to set up further court proceedings in front of Goldsmith and the Michigan Republican Party has already filed for another federal hearing. Andrea Bitely, a spokeswoman for Schuette, said the Michigan Court of Appeals said  there is no conflict between  its order and the federal district court s temporary restraining order, so the recount should end immediately.However,  to ensure clarity for Michigan taxpayers, (and as recommended in the 6th Circuit s opinion issued this evening), the Attorney General is now filing in the federal district court a motion to dissolve the temporary restraining order,  Bitely said.Mark Brewer, an attorney for Stein, said the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals refused to stay the Republicans  request to stop the recount, so it will continue until all the parties can get back to federal court to plead their case, again, before Goldsmith.The state panel said that to qualify as  aggrieved,  Stein  must be able to allege a good faith belief that but for mistake or fraud,  she would have had a reasonable chance of winning.    Legal InsurectionOpponents of the recount claim that it s too expensive and that Stein, who received just 1 percent of the vote, is wasting resources. This is a win for Michigan taxpayers,  Michigan Republican Party chairman Ronna Romney McDaniel said in a statement.  The Michigan Court of Appeals ruled in our favor, determining that the petition for recount filed by Dr. Jill Stein should have been denied. Dr. Stein is not an aggrieved candidate as she has no chance of winning the election in Michigan. The legal arguments are being heard in both state and federal courts, and the attorney general said the battle could theoretically end up in front of the U.S. Supreme Court. I m just saying, theoretically, it could go there,  Schuette said.  I m just taking it just one step at a time, and I m convinced, and I have confidence in the Michigan court system, and the Michigan judicial system, to uphold the Michigan statute, and the Michigan law will prevail. Schuette said the battle is a matter for the state courts because he said there is no U.S. constitutional right to a recount.Stein s campaign handed the Michigan secretary of state a check for $973,250 on Wednesday. The campaign said it intends to pay all fees associated with the recount in Michigan, and is currently recruiting volunteers to observe the hand recounts that are likely to take place in 19 sites, representing all 83 counties across the state.Meanwhile, Michigan Republicans said the request for a hand recount of presidential votes could cost taxpayers up to $12 million, a dozen times more than Stein will have to pay.I m not sure why the votes that were counted by machines that were said to be counting votes more than once (and perhaps even multiple times) in a heavily Democratic county are allowed to stand in the final count and will NOT be recounted. Why were those voted included in the final vote that was CERTIFIED by the state of MI?Watch at the end when the reporter asks the election official if MI residents should be concerned about those votes and he simply glosses over his question: ",politics,"Dec 7, 2016",0
Indian court sentences two Mumbai 1993 blasts convicts to death,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - An Indian court on Thursday sentenced to death two men convicted of involvement in India s most deadly bombings, a series of blasts in the city of Mumbai that killed 257 people in 1993, while two others were jailed for life. Investigators said the bombs were ordered by India s most wanted man, gangster Dawood Ibrahim, to avenge the demolition of the historic Babri mosque in north India by Hindu hardliners in 1992, during a period of religious conflict. Ibrahim is believed to be hiding in Pakistan. Pakistan denies that. The court sentenced Feroz Abdul Rashid Khan and Taher Merchant to death, while Abu Salem and Karimullah Khan were jailed for life, a lawyer for the federal police, Deepak Salvi, told reporters. A fifth man, Riyaz Siddiqui, was sentenced to 10 years in prison, Salvi said. Lawyers for the convicted men did not answer their telephones, and it was not immediately known if they would appeal against the sentences. Legal proceedings against those accused of being involved in the bombings have resulted in more than 100 convictions, most of which are still winding their way through the legal system because of appeals and commutations of sentences. One suspect in the case, Yakub Memon, was hanged in 2015. In June, a court had ruled the five guilty of involvement in the blasts that shook India s financial hub more than two decades ago. A six man also found guilty at that time died in prison before sentencing. ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
STUNNING! FORMER DISNEY TECH WORKER’S Emotional Testimony Of Humiliation In Training Foreign Workers [Video], ,Government News,"Feb 25, 2016",0
McConnell says U.S. Senate to vote early next week on Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday the Senate will vote early next week on a motion that would pave the way for a vote on a bill to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan. McConnell’s decision to hold a vote comes despite opposition from at least four Republicans, which likely dooms its prospects.  ",politicsNews,"July 18, 2017 ",1
"Russia says Lavrov-Tillerson meeting to discuss Syria, global security","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will discuss global security, including the Syria, North Korea and Ukraine situations, during the latter’s  visit to Moscow, the ministry said on Wednesday. Tillerson is to visit Russia on April 11-12, and Russia’s foreign ministry said in a statement it “positively evaluated the new U.S. administration’s efforts to improve ties” with Moscow. ",politicsNews,"April 5, 2017 ",1
TRUMP IS REPORTEDLY Preparing Executive Order To Deport Illegals Living On Welfare…Kill Anchor Baby Benefits,"According to the Center for Immigration Studies, in 2012 approximately 51 percent of all immigrant households collected welfare: HOW THE USDA Helps Illegal Aliens Get FREE Benefits Paid For By YOU! This is a problem. A lot of American households also collect welfare, and that is a problem as well.A liberal newspaper claims it has obtained copies of two of President Donald Trump s upcoming executive orders that if implemented would once and for all stop immigrants from leeching off the American taxpayer.Obtained by The Washington Post, the orders would reportedly  deny admission to any alien who is likely to become a public charge  and set up standards for  determining whether an alien is deportable   for having become a public charge within five years of entry. The underlying goal would be to make the U.S. immigration system more  merit-based,  so those with the potential to contribute to the country would be welcome, whereas those more likely to be a burden to the American taxpayer would be kept out.According to New York magazine, the order would also  bar undocumented immigrants from accessing the child tax credit, even when their children are U.S. citizens,  which would be a huge blow to illegal immigrant families hoping to cash in on their anchor babies.The simple fact is that as a sovereign nation, the United States reserves the right to demand the very best from anyone who aspires to live here. It is a fact that the U.S. actually has much more lenient immigration policies than a large number of Western countries that liberals profess to admire. Try immigrating to Canada or Western Europe if you don t believe it.If an immigrant works hard, obtains citizenship and leads a good life but is later laid off and needs to collect welfare for a bit, that s one thing. But when someone immigrates here and then immediately boards the welfare train, that is another   and it s a problem that President Trump hopes to finally resolve.For entire story: Conservative Tribune",politics,"Feb 4, 2017",0
Sanders supporters seethe over Clinton's leaked remarks to Wall St.,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Supporters of former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Saturday expressed anger and vindication over leaked comments made by Hillary Clinton to banks and big business that appeared to confirm their fears about her support for global trade and tendency to cozy up to Wall Street. Clinton, who needs Sanders’ coalition of young and left-leaning voters to propel her to the presidency, pushes for open trade and open borders in one of the speeches, and takes a conciliatory approach to Wall Street, both positions she later backed away from in an effort to capture the popular appeal of Sanders’ attacks on trade deals and powerful banks.  The excerpts of remarks by the former secretary of state, made in 2013 and 2014 in closed-door meetings where audiences paid to attend, were published online on Friday by WikiLeaks, which sourced them to the email account of John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman.  Reuters could not independently verify the authenticity of the speech transcripts. Clinton has previously declined to release any such transcripts. “This is a very clear illustration of why there is a fundamental lack of trust from progressives for Hillary Clinton,” said Tobita Chow, chair of the People’s Lobby in Chicago, which endorsed Sanders in the primary election. “The progressive movement needs to make a call to Secretary Clinton to clarify where she stands really on these issues and that’s got to involve very clear renunciations of the positions that are revealed in these transcripts,” Chow said. The revelations were quickly overshadowed by the release of an 11-year-old recording of Donald Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, making lewd comments about women.  Clinton has worked hard to build trust with so-called progressives, adopting several of Sanders’ positions after she bested him in the primary race. The U.S. senator from Vermont now supports his former rival in the Nov. 8 general election against Trump. Still, Clinton has struggled to win support from young “millennials” who were crucial to Sanders’ success, and some Democrats expressed concern that the leaks would discourage those supporters from showing up to vote.  “That is a big concern and this certainly doesn’t help,” said Larry Cohen, chair of the board of Our Revolution, a progressive organization formed in the wake of Sanders’ bid for the presidency, which aims to keep pushing the former candidate’s ideas at a grassroots level. “It matters in terms of turnout, energy, volunteering, all those things.” The Clinton campaign said it would not confirm the accuracy of the documents released by WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange.  “We are not going to confirm the authenticity of stolen documents released by Julian Assange, who has made no secret of his desire to damage Hillary Clinton,” said Glen Caplin, a campaign spokesman.  “Guccifer 2.0 has already proven the warnings of top national security officials that documents can be faked as part of a sophisticated Russian misinformation campaign,” he said, referring to the hacker or hacking group that altered some data stolen from the Democratic National Committee before making it public earlier this year.  The U.S. government on Friday formally accused Russia of a campaign of cyber attacks against Democratic Party organizations ahead of the election. The origin of the leaks did not dampen social media criticism of the speeches by some. “Bernie was right about Hillary,” wrote Facebook user Grace Tilly, “she’s a tool for Wall Street.” “Clinton is the politicians’ politician - exactly the Wall Street insider Bernie described,” wrote Facebook user Brian Leach. Spokesmen for Sanders did not respond to requests for comment. NBC News quoted a statement from Sanders saying he would work to advance the Democrats’ policy platform. “Whatever Secretary Clinton may or may not have said behind closed doors on Wall Street, I am determined to implement the agenda of the Democratic Party platform which was agreed to by her campaign,” the statement said. Democratic strategist Steve Elmendorf said progressive voters would still choose the former first lady, even with misgivings. “I’d like to meet the Bernie Sanders supporter who is going to say, ‘Well I’m a little worried about her on international trade, so I’m going to vote for Donald Trump’,” he said. ",politicsNews,"October 8, 2016 ",1
 There’s Something Very Weird About Nearly Half Of Trump’s Twitter Followers,"To Donald Trump, his popularity is everything, which may be why his favorite mode of communication is Twitter. Twitter s model of having people follow other Twitter accounts, rather than having a mutual  friendship  gives celebrities and notables opportunities to collect thousands or even millions of followers.Trump s personal account has about 31 million followers, which is nothing to sneeze at. Then again Katy Perry has nearly 100 million and Barack Obama nearly 90 million. You have to know that drives Trump absolutely crazy.Trump has been doing some housecleaning recently by blocking some of his more contentious followers (I know several who were blocked just last week). Still, his Twitter following dramatically increased on Tuesday, and there s something very weird about many of those followers. They don t have pictures and they ve never tweeted.Trump s Twitter acc has suddenly gained 3 mil followers and has been blocking lots of people. New followers look like this  pic.twitter.com/uzYkeNsjUC  John Niven (@NivenJ1) May 30, 2017John Niven wasn t cherry picking. If you click on Trump s recent followers, more of them have no pictures and no tweets than those who are active Twitter users. They re an oddly international (given Trump s nationalism) group of followers as well.These followers are likely bots. They aren t people at all. According to Twitter Audit, only 51 percent of Trump s followers are real. Nearly half are fake, and that s not just the new ones.The number of fake accounts has gotten a lot worse since Trump took office.This isn t the first time someone has pointed out that a good portion of Trump s Twitter following is fake, but what s interesting is that its fakeness seems to be increasing. In January, journalist Yashar Ali ran an audit on Trump s Twitter account and found that 68 percent of his then-20 million followers were real. Now he s at 30 million followers, but only 51 percent are real, which means of 10 million followers Trump has gained since January, about 8.3 million are fake. Compare that to Barack Obama. 79 percent are real.In April 2016, when Trump was beginning to gain traction as a serious candidate to at least win the Republican presidential nomination, the former reality TV star had a mere 7.58 million followers, only 8 percent of which were fake, according to FiveThirtyEight. It s not surprising that as Trump s global profile has skyrocketed in the past 13 months, so too have the number of bots attached to his Twitter account but it s astonishing how much the percentage of his followers that are fake has risen.Source: NewsweekWhile fake followers are a pretty serious problem on Facebook, and not one that the user can always control, it is easy to buy Twitter followers and it s a big problem.Automated adding to lists or collections: You may not add Twitter users to lists or add Tweets to collections in a bulk or indiscriminate manner. Adding a large number of unrelated users to lists is a violation of the Twitter Rules.If Trump did pay for the followers (and perhaps even if he didn t), he s violating Twitter s rules and his account should be banned.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images.",News,"May 30, 2017",0
 High-Profile Attorney To Represent Trump’s Alleged Rape Victim In Upcoming Trial (VIDEO),"Donald J. Trump s rape trial will be held on December 16th and the alleged victim will be represented by a high profile attorney. This follows the GOP presidential nominee s leaked  hot mic  video surfacing in which he brags about sexually assaulting women.Casey Anthony was acquitted of murder charges with the help of attorney Cheney Mason and now, he s coming after Trump.The lawsuit alleges that Trump raped a 13-year-old girl at billionaire investor Jeffrey Epstein s Upper East Side mansion in 1994. The alleged victim detailed a  savage sexual attack  stating she was tied to a bed, then Trump is accused of exposing himself and raping her. Trump allegedly  responded by violently striking the victim in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted. That sounds remarkably like what Trump said to Billy Bush in the leaked video:  And when you re a star, they let you do it, you can do anything. Grab  em by the pussy. The victim,  Jane Doe,  has tried to file the lawsuit three times. The first suit was dismissed over filing issues and now, another suit  was filed to add a new witness to the complaint, as Newsy notes.By the way, do you know how rare it is to have a witness to a rape?High-Profile Criminal Attorney, Cheney Mason, to Represent Trump Child Rape Victim in Upcoming Trial. pic.twitter.com/KJD0kFMOSA  Mr. Jameson Neat (@MrJamesonNeat) October 11, 2016Trump s attorneys have dismissed the accusations as an attempt to smear the GOP presidential nominee.Last year, Trump said in reference to Mexicans,  I mean somebody s doing it!  Who s doing the raping? But in reality, Republicans are not sending their best people. They re sending pussy grabbers and rapists. We need to shut the GOP down until we  find out what s going on.  We need to build a wall around Trump and make his supporters pay for it.WATCH:Featured image via Joe Burbank-Pool/Getty",News,"October 11, 2016",0
 Rachel Maddow Just Exposed The Worst Case Of Sleazy The GOP Has Pulled Yet (VIDEO),"The game plan for Republicans isn t exactly difficult to figure out. They control their uninformed base through fear. If you re a Republican, it s because you re afraid. Afraid someone will take your paycheck and give it to someone who chooses not to work. Afraid that the economy is about to crash because  teenagers  working for minimum wage might get a raise. Afraid that ISIS lives in your neighborhood, that the Obama administration put them there and any minute now they ll be pounding on your door to take away your guns.The fear is, quite simply, ridiculous. Terrorists rule through fear. They use it to control people. Is it really any wonder that when some right-winger goes nutty and starts shooting people indiscriminately that we call them terrorists? They are born of the party of fear.The latest sleazy tactic of Republicans comes from their fundraising committee. Rather than send out the kinds of mailers that you may see from the DNC that tell a story and ask for a donation, the RNC is sending out a fundraiser that looks like a bill, obviously aimed at swindling the elderly and uninformed. The mailer comes in an envelope with a giant red  NOTICE OF DELINQUENCY  on the front. Inside, the chairman of the RNC himself notifies the addressee that they have  funds  past due and if they know what s good for them they ll pay.It s a tactic that may be legal; that doesn t make it any less despicable. For Reince Priebus to allow his name to be printed on the bottom of this trash right along with hiss signature proves that the GOP cares only about the money. Rachel Maddow does a great job of exposing this travesty, which was sent to her watchdog site, sendittorachel.com, by a concerned citizen. Watch her tear this scam to pieces below:Featured image via screen capture",News,"March 26, 2016",0
"IS OBAMA PUNISHING Fiat-Chrysler For 2,000 US Jobs, $1 Billion US Investment Announcement? Fiat-Chrysler CEO Says EPA Allegations Are ‘Absolute Nonsense’ [VIDEO]","We don t know whether the charges against Fiat Chrysler by Obama s EPA are accurate or not. One thing we do know however, is that much like the announcement today that Obama s DOJ will be going after FBI Director James Comey,  the timing of this announcement by Obama s EPA is certainly suspicious. Only 4 days ago Fiat Chrysler US confirmed the next phase of its industrialization plan by announcing a total $1 billion investment in plants in Michigan and Ohio, and the addition of 2,000 new American jobs. Consistent and combined with previously announced investments, FCA US is further demonstrating its commitment to strengthening its U.S. manufacturing base, and aligning U.S. capacity to extend the Jeep  product lineup. In total, FCA US has committed investments of more than $9.6 billion in its U.S. manufacturing facilities and created 25,000 new jobs to date since 2009.Many were giving Trump credit for creating a more business, and specifically manufacturing friendly environment that seems to be created a tsunami of good news in the way of US manufacturing. The only down side, is that it s shining a pretty big spotlight on the failures of our current over-regulating, punitive administration that has made it almost if not entirely impossible to compete with other countries to manufacture here, in the US. With all the egg Obama and his regime seem to be getting on their faces over the past couple of months, is it really all that surprising that the EPA would make an announcement that would harm Fiat-Chrysler sales and their reputation on the way out the door? Detroit CBSlocal   Fiat Chrysler is denying government charges that some of its diesel vehicles violate federal clean air standards.CEO of Fiat Chrysler Sergio Marchionne saying the allegations are a surprise to him   calling it  absolute nonsense,  reports WWJ AutoBeat Reporter Jeff Gilbert. There was never any intent   of creating conditions that were designed to defeat the testing process,  he says.The comparison to the issues VW is facing regarding deceptive emissions testing is one Marchionne refuses to make.  Anyone who draws a parallel between us and VW   is smoking illegal material. The way in which it has been described I think is unfair to us and that s the thing that bothers me most. The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act.EPA Assistant Administrator Cynthia Giles saying emissions software on those vehicles were not disclosed.  Those software elements   not being disclosed in Fiat Chrysler s required application for certification means that the vehicles were sold illegally. The Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday it had issued a  notice of violation  to the company that covers about 104,000 vehicles including the 2014 through 2016 Jeep Grand Cherokee and Ram pickups, all with 3-liter diesel engines. The California Air Resources Board took similar action.Fiat Chrysler said in a statement that its emissions control systems  meet the applicable requirements. The company said it was disappointed with the EPA s action and intends to work with the incoming Trump administration to present its case. Fiat Chrysler said it spent months giving information to the EPA to explain its emissions technology and proposed a number of actions including software changes to address the agency s concerns.Fiat Chrysler s shares fell more than 16 percent after the news was announced to $9.29.If the company is found guilty of this charge they could face huge penalties.Marchionne says the company will work with the new administration to show they are compliant with all EPA standardsBut of course Like a puppy that s been left home alone to run around the home all day, someone s gonna have a lot of cleaning up to do once the Chicago contingent moves out of DC ",left-news,"Jan 12, 2017",0
Senate to vote on motion to proceed on tax bill: lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate is expected to vote on a motion to proceed on a Republican tax bill on Wednesday, a Republican lawmaker said, an action that could allow the chamber to vote on whether to adopt the tax-cut legislation as early as Thursday. “Today we have a pretty good vote, motion to proceed on our tax reform,” Senator Dean Heller, a member of the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee, told a news conference. The Senate was due to convene at noon ET (1700 GMT). “I’m going to bet that the motion to proceed passes and we’ll be well on our way to give tax reform to the American people as we move forward,” Heller added.  ",politicsNews,"November 29, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: Cop Caught On Video Body-Slamming 12-Year-Old Girl,"A Texas cop is under fire after video surfaced showing him body slamming a 12-year-old girl to the ground. Joshua Kehm is a uniformed police officer working for the San Antonio Independent School District at Rhodes Middle School.The incident happened on March 29, and was captured by a student on her cell phone.In the video, a uniformed officer is seen struggling with a girl, then slamming her to the ground. The officer appears to handcuff the girl before having her stand and leading her away.Gloria Valdez, the 12-year-old girl s mother, told CBS affiliate KENS it was completely uncalled for. Supposedly he was threatened by her that she kicked him, but in the video her legs never went up,  Valdez said.Valdez s daughter did not want to go on camera but told KENS that she was having a conversation with another girl when a crowd surrounded them. She said that s when the officer put his hands on her.The mother told a local TV station that the slam was so vicious that her daughter lost consciousness, and doesn t remember being handcuffed by the cop. She also reportedly has bruises from the confrontation.The school district has suspended the officer, and a spokesperson told the TV station,  we are not going to tolerate excessive force in our district. The video is the latest in an unsettling series of videos, often recorded by students themselves, showing police officers using what appears to be excessive force to subdue children. The videos, which have often gone viral on YouTube and other social media, have helped to create a backlash against so-called  zero tolerance  policies that became popular in the early to mid-1990s.At the same time, rather than admit that the videos show a disturbing pattern, some police unions and conservative politicians have supported legislation that criminalizes recording police, rather than assessing the obvious problem of poor police training and behavior.Featured image via YouTube",News,"April 7, 2016",0
Suicide bomber kills six people in central Somalia: police,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - At least 6 people died on Sunday after a suicide bomber blew himself up in a restaurant just outside a senior official s office in the central Somali city of Beledweyne, police and residents said. The al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab group said it was behind the attack.  At least six people died and several others were wounded. A suicide bomber blew up himself in a restaurant,  major Hussein Osman, a police officer told Reuters from Beledweyne. The Sunday afternoon blast took place outside the office of the governor of the Hiran region, where he was holding a meeting, police and residents said.  We are behind the attack at the Hiran governor s headquarters. There are casualties. We targeted the workers of the Hiran administration,  said Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s military operation spokesman. Beledweyne is about 340 km north of Mogadishu. Residents said clan elders were among the dead.  The suicide bomber who had an explosive jacket stood inside the restaurant and blew up himself. We were heading to a meeting in the governor s office when it happened,  Farah Ali, a local elder, told Reuters. Somalia has been at war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. Al Shabaab has in the past carried out frequent attacks in Mogadishu and other parts of Somalia in a bid to topple the country s Western-backed government and drive out African Union peacekeeping troops. Al Shabaab also wants to impose its strict interpretation of Islam in Somalia. ",worldnews,"September 10, 2017 ",1
"Obama’s Legacy: Washington is Lying About ISIS, and Lying About Syria","21st Century Wire says ISIS inspired. Assad s barrel bombs. We are at war with ISIS. We are only arming the moderate rebels. The Russians are bombing hospitals. ISIS claims responsibility for stabbing in Minnesota. We must save 100,000 children in Aleppo from Assad and the Russians! Lies, lies, and more lies. All paid for by the US taxpayer. Watch: ",Middle-east,"October 21, 2016",0
"REAL INDIAN, GOP Senate Hopeful Shiva Ayyadurai Just Got Great News…FAKE INDIAN Elizabeth Warren Aligns Herself With Hillary Clinton In New Fundraising Email","Mass Live  Ayyadurai, who announced his Republican U.S. Senate bid in February, said that while he may not be the GOP establishment s candidate, his track record of overcoming barriers and fighting big institutions makes him the best person to take on the high-powered incumbent. I know that Warren   in spite of (what) people think she is   is extremely weak,  he said in an interview.  She s a formidable enemy, but weak in the sense that where she s fundamentally coming from, her basis of where she s coming from, has massive weakness and I know how to expose that weakness. Ayyadurai, 53, moved to the U.S. from India as a child. He compared the Democratic senator and former Harvard University professor to those at the top of India s caste system   a social structure in which he said his family held a low position. If you look at what we have today, we have a neo-caste system and at the top of that heap is people like Warren,  he said.  They are the academics, career politicians and lawyer/lobbyists. And that clan   is extremely spineless, they never expect to be challenged. And I ve challenged them. Last month, Ayyadurai made news when he sent Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren a DNA kit for her birthday (which she rejected) after Warren was caught lying about being a Native American on a application for a teaching position at Harvard University, allegedly hoping that her fake minority status would place her ahead of other applicants for the job.Senator Elizabeth Warren is not only a liar, she s also not very bright. Warren sent out an email today that was clearly designed to appeal to women. In the email, Warren names the very unpopular Hillary Clinton, not only once, but twice. Warren starts out the email by mentioning Hillary s name in the first sentence:Hillary Clinton said that  it takes a village,  and she was right.  None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country totally alone. Warren used Hillary s name again near the end of her email:Every minute counts to get a campaign off the ground. It mattered the most when the DSCC helped launch my Senate campaign, and when they were there for Hillary when she launched her Senate career 17 years ago.Apparently, Warren missed the dreadful polls showing how the wildly unpopular Hillary Clinton s like ability continues to plummet, even after the race.If Warren stays the course and continues to align herself with Crooked Hillary, the very successful entrepreneur and President Trump supporter Shiva Ayyadurai will no doubt be able to use her embarrassingly bad decision to his advantage.Mass Live- If elected, Ayyadurai said he hopes to bring a sense of innovation to the Senate when it comes to addressing hot-button issues, as well as to look at problems from an engineering and science perspective.Casting himself as a  Lincoln Republican,  the entrepreneur said his campaign platform will largely focus on three areas: immigration, education and innovation.As an immigrant, Ayyadurai said he believes it is important that the U.S. secure its borders, root out so-called sanctuary cities and ensure people enter the country legally.He added that he also supports ensuring parents and students have choices when it comes to public education, and argued that more must be done to address what he called  pay-to-play  academic science research.Ayyadurai, who holds four degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is the founder and chairman of CytoSolve, a startup that has developed a  computational platform for scalable integration of molecular pathway models  used in drug development.He is one of three Republicans who have filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission to run for the Massachusetts Senate seat in 2018.To donate to Shiva Ayyadurai s senate campaign, click HERE.Here is Warren s email:Friend  Hillary Clinton said that  it takes a village,  and she was right.  None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country totally alone. I ve seen what a village, a community, and a movement can do, one action at a time. And I ve seen how women can help women   especially when we run for office.I sure remember what it was like running for the Senate as a first-time candidate in 2011. I had to learn everything it took to raise money, build a grassroots organizing operation, and stand up to a Republican incumbent with $10 million in the bank   and I had to do it fast.And here s what I know: I absolutely, positively couldn t have done it on my own.So when the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee told me they wanted a strong launch of the Women s Senate Network for the 2018 cycle, to help women run and make sure more voices like mine and Hillary s are in the Senate, I immediately told them:I m all in.Today, I m asking you to join me in becoming a 2018 founding member of the DSCC Women s Senate Network. Because you were there for Hillary, I m hoping you ll add your name to help us build a community to support women who run for office.Now let me be blunt: 2018 is going to be a hard year for Democrats. We ve got 10 women who are up for reelection to the Senate, including me   more than ever before in history. And many are in some really tough races.That s why the DSCC s Women s Senate Network is ramping up its 2018 efforts early to elect and protect smart, tough, and experienced candidates to fight for what s right   senators who understand that being a woman is not a pre-existing condition, that we deserve equal pay for equal work, and that we sure as heck need Planned Parenthood and affordable health care for hardworking families.Let s continue our fight and get more women in leadership in this country.I m counting on you to keep fighting for what we all started: become a 2018 founding member of the DSCC Women s Senate Network today. You ll even get your very own  Nevertheless, She Persisted  sticker when you do!Every minute counts to get a campaign off the ground. It mattered the most when the DSCC helped launch my Senate campaign, and when they were there for Hillary when she launched her Senate career 17 years ago.And with your help, we can be there for the women who need help defending their seats now and for the next generation of women candidates ready to move into leadership. Early help makes all the difference.Thank you for owning a piece of this.Elizabeth ",left-news,"Jul 20, 2017",0
Russia working on defensive measures to counter possible new U.S. sanctions: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working on defensive measures to prepare for possible new sanctions from the United States and other countries, the Kremlin said on Wednesday. U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a new package of sanctions in August drafted by U.S. lawmakers. One of the provisions asked the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit a report on the impact of expanding sanctions to cover Russian sovereign debt, with an outcome expected as early as February. U.S. and EU sanctions imposed over Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea, and its support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, remain in place. But U.S. allegations that Moscow interfered in last year s U.S. presidential election, something Russia denies, have spurred calls for more sanctions.   On Wednesday, the Kremlin was asked to comment on media reports that Russian state development bank VEB planned to transfer its Globex bank to the state and about speculation that the bank would then be used to service the military industrial complex to try to protect Russia from new sanctions.  We are working on and taking measures aimed at defending our interests against a backdrop of possible new restrictive actions and sanctions by various countries, which we continue to deem unlawful,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. He did not mention Globex bank.  It would probably not be right now to make public or disclose all these measures aimed at hedging our risks,  Peskov said.  ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: Jimmy Kimmel Demonstrates That Trump Could Support Child Rape And Not Lose Any Votes,"It s official. Trump s supporters will vote for Donald Trump no matter what he does or what lies he tells, even if his tax returns reveal the truth.During his show on Tuesday night, Jimmy Kimmel ran yet another  Lie Witness News  segment featuring Trump supporters being asked questions based on the false story of him finally releasing his tax returns.The Kimmel reporter on the street asked Trump fans what they think now that the tax returns reveal that Trump is close with Putin, leases his wife Melania, writes off gold-plated toilets as a business expense, and supports child molester Jared Fogle.As it turns out, every single Trump supporter said they are still voting for the Republican nominee no matter what, even if it is true that Trump contributed to the legal defense fund of a convicted child molester. In fact, his supporters made excuses for Trump in order to justify his actions.So when Donald Trump said that he could go out and shoot someone dead in broad daylight in the middle of Fifth Avenue and not lose any votes, he was right.Because Trump s supporters were not fazed by any of the claims presented to them. They were even okay with him lying on his returns by listing his occupation as a farmer.Seriously.Here s the video via YouTube.Trump s supporters are truly deplorable people who just want to watch the world burn.It doesn t matter what he says or what he does or how much he embarrasses America, Donald Trump s supporter will vote for him no matter what.So the question is will the rest of us sit home on Election Day and let the lunatics win? Or will we get our asses off the couch and make sure Donald Trump never sets a single toe inside the White House?Because if his supporters don t mind him doing all of these despicable things, that means Trump could basically do whatever he wants in office without political consequences and that would be disastrous for the nation.Featured image via screen capture",News,"September 21, 2016",0
WHOA! NEW EMAILS SHOW COMEY FBI LIED About Meeting Between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch On Tarmac…Proves Media Colluded With Obama’s DOJ To Kill Story About Tarmac Meeting [VIDEO],"A new email dump from the FBI via a FOIA request by the ACLJ reveals what appears to be collusion between the media and the DOJ to squash the story about the 2016 meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton on the tarmac in Phoenix, AZ.Also Comey reportedly said the FBI had no documents related to this meeting to fill a prior FOIA request. That apparently isn t true, given this new email dump.  The Right ScoopWatch:From the ACLJ: We have just obtained hundreds of pages in our ongoing investigation and federal lawsuit on former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s tarmac meeting with former President Bill Clinton while the Department of Justice (DOJ) and FBI had an ongoing criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails. The results are shocking.Watch Lynch s explanation of her meeting with Bill Clinton on the tarmac:First, the Comey FBI lied to us. Last July, we sent FOIA requests to both the Comey FBI and the Lynch DOJ asking for any documents related to the Clinton Lynch plane meeting. The FBI, under the then directorship of James Comey, replied that  No records responsive to your request were located. The documents we received today from the Department of Justice include several emails from the FBI to DOJ officials concerning the meeting. One with the subject line  FLAG  was correspondence between FBI officials (Richard Quinn, FBI Media/Investigative Publicity, and Michael Kortan) and DOJ officials concerning  flag[ing] a story . . . about a casual, unscheduled meeting between former president Bill Clinton and the AG.  The DOJ official instructs the FBI to  let me know if you get any questions about this  and provides  [o]ur talkers [DOJ talking points] on this . The talking points, however are redacted.Another email to the FBI contains the subject line  security details coordinate between Loretta Lynch/Bill Clinton? On July 1, 2016   just days before our FOIA request   a DOJ email chain under the subject line,  FBI just called,  indicates that the  FBI . . . is looking for guidance  in responding to media inquiries about news reports that the FBI had prevented the press from taking pictures of the Clinton Lynch meeting. The discussion then went off email to several phone calls (of which we are not able to obtain records). An hour later, Carolyn Pokomy of the Office of the Attorney General stated,  I will let Rybicki know.  Jim Rybicki was the Chief of Staff and Senior Counselor to FBI Director Jim Comey. The information that was to be provided to Rybicki is redacted.Also of note several of the documents contain redactions that are requested  per FBI. It is clear that there were multiple records within the FBI responsive to our request and that discussions regarding the surreptitious meeting between then AG Lynch and the husband of the subject of an ongoing FBI criminal investigation reached the highest levels of the FBI.However, on October 21, 2016, the Comey FBI replied to our legal demands that  No records responsive to your request were located.  This is in direct contravention to the law, and we are preparing further legal action to force the FBI to come clean and turn over ALL documents related to this matter to us in a timely manner.Second, the hundreds of pages of (heavily redacted   more on that below) documents paint a clear picture of a DOJ in crisis mode as the news broke of Attorney General Lynch s meeting with former President Clinton. In fact, the records appear to indicate that the Attorney General s spin team immediately began preparing talking points for the Attorney General regarding the meeting BEFORE ever speaking with the AG about the matter.Third, there is clear evidence that the main stream media was colluding with the DOJ to bury the story. A Washington Post reporter, speaking of the Clinton Lynch meeting story, said,  I m hoping I can put it to rest .  The same Washington Post reporter, interacting with the DOJ spin team, implemented specific DOJ requests to change his story to make the Attorney General appear in a more favorable light. A New York Times reporter apologetically told the Obama DOJ that he was being  pressed into service  to have to cover the story. As the story was breaking, DOJ press officials stated,  I also talked to the ABC producer, who noted that they aren t interested, even if Fox runs with it. Two days after the meeting, DOJ officials in a chain of emails that includes emails to Attorney General Lynch herself stated that the media coverage of the meeting  looks like all or most are FOX  and that  CBS . . . just says a few lines about the meeting. Fourth, DOJ bureaucrats have redacted all the talking points, discussions of talking points, a statement on the meeting that was apparently never delivered because there was not enough media coverage on the meeting, and its substantive discussions with the FBI on the matter. They absurdly claim the  deliberative process exemption  to FOIA, which is only supposed to apply to agency rulemaking processes.The ACLJ won t stop until justice is served on this matter:Discussions about Attorney General Lynch s ethically questionable meeting with former President Clinton during her investigation into Hillary Clinton clearly has nothing to do with any rule making process. We will be taking these redactions back to federal court. The law is on our side. We will keep pressing on with our investigation of former Attorney General Lynch until we get to the bottom of this.To donate to the ACLJ and help to fund the important work they re doing, click HERE.Here s James Comey discussing the Lynch and Clinton meeting on the tarmac:Here is Loretta Lynch s testimony before Congress regarding her meeting with Bill Clinton:",politics,"Aug 4, 2017",0
 Conservative Conspiracy Theorist ARRESTED After Threatening To Kill Sandy Hook Parent,"Lucy Richards, a Tampa woman who believes lunatics like Alex Jones who say the Sandy Hook tragedy is a hoax, was arrested this week for threatening to kill a parent of one of the children who died in 2012. This is just the latest in the potentially long list of what we can expect to come from fake news conspiracies being spread by right-wing nutjobs.Richards started making threats back in January, saying things like  you gonna die, death is coming to you real soon,  according to court documents released on Wednesday. She also wrote,  Look behind you. It s death,  to the parent, who was identified as Len Pozner in a statement he released after Richards  arrest. Pozner s son Noah was the youngest victim of the Sandy Hook massacre.Pozner, who now resides in Florida and spends his time disproving these so-called  truthers,  said in his statement:We are comforted to know that the system is working to protect the victims of violent crime from re-victimization by potentially violent Hoaxers.Sadly, Lucy Richards is not the only one from this group of Sandy Hook  hoaxers  that has harassed or threatened Mr. Pozner. He s been dealing with this for years.According to The New York Times:The conspiracy theorists have criticized Mr. Pozner and his counterinvestigations of their work. Mr. Pozner has filed complaints with law enforcement, private companies, and the attorney general s office. He even wrote a 165-page book raising questions about a champion of the hoax theory according to a September article in New York Magazine. People don t understand what trolls are,  Pozner said,  If you don t feed them, they don t just go away. When Mr. Pozner asked a Florida Atlantic University professor, James F. Tracy, to stop posting photos of Noah, the professor sent him a certified letter asking for proof the boy existed.The professor, who was tenured, was soon fired and he blames Pozner.Professor Tracy didn t actually commit any crimes, no matter how disgusting his actions were, but Lucy Richards on the other hand   Richards committed 4 counts of felony threat transmission and if convicted will spend up to 20 years in prison. Let s hope the judge makes her serve the full 20.Featured image via Getty Images/Handout",News,"December 8, 2016",0
 Anti-Trump Group Has Placed DETAILED Statues Of Him In 5 U.S. Cities (VIDEO),"Statues of Donald Trump have appeared in five cities across the country, and it s clear that they re not meant to honor him. They re almost caricatures, and they portray him stark naked in a rather ahem insulting way. The intent is essentially to unmask Trump, and portray him as the disgusting little prick he is.The statues were placed in L.A., San Francisco, Seattle, Cleveland and New York City. The one in New York City was quickly removed, but ABC 7 Chicago reports that the West Coast statues still stand. An activist group known as INDECLINE, which speaks out against Trump, issued a statement claiming responsibility for the works of art. They said their hope is that Trump  is never installed in the most powerful political and military position in the world. They also said: It is through these sculptures that we leave behind the physical and metaphorical embodiment of the ghastly soul of one of America s most infamous and reviled politicians. On their website, INDECLINE calls this particular protest  The Emperor Has No Balls,  and they ve made it very clear on the statues that they see Trump as the ball-less wonder of the GOP. A three-minute video on their website shows exactly how they made the statues, complete with sound bytes of some of the worst things Trump has said in his speeches. You can watch the video below, if you can bear it (warning: Explicit imagery, very NSFW):The Trump campaign didn t comment on the statues, but that may change at some point. Trump can t stand being portrayed in a bad light, and these statues make him look very bad, indeed.Nude statue of Donald Trump appears on Los Feliz sidewalk https://t.co/65Ot7SDqs6 pic.twitter.com/8scXOCwjFR  ABC7 Eyewitness News (@ABC7) August 18, 2016",News,"August 18, 2016",0
Republicans strike back at new U.S. ban on forced arbitration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans lawmakers on Tuesday started trying to kill a brand-new U.S. rule prohibiting banks and credit card companies from requiring customers who open new accounts to sign an agreement that they will not join a group lawsuit in the event of a dispute. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Monday finalized the new rule banning “mandatory arbitration clauses” requiring consumers to forego class-action suits and instead settle disputes in negotiations overseen by arbitrators frequently hired by companies. The rule immediately ran into fierce opposition by Wall Street and Republicans who control both Congress and the White House. They have long criticized the consumer agency, which is run by a Democrat, Richard Cordray. Senator Tom Cotton, a member of the Banking Committee, has already announced he is drafting a resolution to kill the rule. His fellow Republican Senator Pat Toomey, chair of the subcommittee on financial institutions and consumer protection, said he is considering a similar step.  Republican lawmakers plan to eliminate the rule, using a law that allows Congress to undo new regulations with simple majority votes in both chambers and a signature from the president. Analysts and consumer advocates have said the agency’s rule may survive the Congressional challenge. Still, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is contemplating a legal challenge and Trump administration officials are also looking at ways to kill the rule. Isaac Boltansky, a policy analyst for the investment firm Compass Point Research & Trading, said the rule has a slightly better than 50 percent chance of surviving in Congress. Joe Valenti, who tracks the issue for the liberal-leaning Center for American Progress, said the House of Representatives was unified against the rule, which opponents have argued benefits class-action lawyers, not consumers. “It comes down to the Senate,” said Valenti, noting that the rule would survive if only three Republicans in that chamber switched sides. That is possible, said Ed Mierzwinksi, the consumer program director for the U.S. Public Interest Research Groups. He noted that Senate Republicans have struggled to gather enough votes for majorities and the calendar is swollen with pressing legislation and confirmation hearings. In addition, Mierzwinksi said, senators may be leery of appearing to side with Wall Street against consumers. He noted that Wells Fargo & Co used clauses in its account-opening agreements to block customers from suing over its phantom account scandal. Supporters of the rule say mandatory arbitration denies citizens their day in court and is rigged in favor of big firms. They say litigants banding together in a class-action lawsuit have a better chance of getting companies to answer publicly for illegal activities and that fears of such a suit can discourage law breaking. The consumer protection agency wrote the rule after conducting a lengthy, multi-year study of the issue. Opponents of the rule say the study is flawed and that arbitration is cheaper and faster than class-action lawsuits and produces better awards for consumers. The Chamber is exploring a prompt legal challenge to the rule, said Matt Webb, senior vice president for its legal reform institute. Another possible challenge could come from the acting comptroller of the currency, Keith Noreika. He is laying groundwork to invoke an untested provision of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law that allows the council of the country’s top financial regulators to nullify a consumer agency rule if they decide it threatens the safety and soundness of the banking system. Rohit Chopra, senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America and former CFPB assistant director, said a lawsuit will probably fail because the law says the agency can restrict arbitration as long as it hews to its study.  He said the Dodd-Frank provision that the comptroller’s office is looking at was meant to keep risks to the financial system at bay.  “To suggest that this rule would cause a financial crisis is ridiculous on its face,” he said. ",politicsNews,"July 11, 2017 ",1
Brazil's top prosecutor says committed to 'Car Wash' probe,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s new Prosecutor General Raquel Dodge said on Tuesday she is committed to continuing the sprawling  Car Wash  corruption investigation that has implicated dozens of Brazilian politicians, including President Michel Temer. In her first news conference since taking office on Sept. 18, Dodge declined to comment on charges filed against Temer by her predecessor Rodrigo Janot, but she said she could not withdraw them.  Janot charged Temer with obstruction of justice and being a member of a criminal organization days before leaving office based on plea bargain testimony by the owners of meatpacker JBS SA. Janot had to revoke that plea deal after evidence emerged of crimes committed by the witnesses. Dodge, however, told reporters that the revoking of a plea deal did not erase the evidence provided. The lower house of Congress, which has the authority to decide whether a president should stand trial, began to discuss the new charges on Tuesday and is expected to block them as it did last month with an earlier graft charge brought against Temer for allegedly accepting bribes paid by JBS. Dodge said the Supreme Court must decide whether the Federal Police can also negotiate plea bargains with criminals, an authority currently limited to prosecutors who have opposed sharing the function with the police. Plea bargains have been instrumental for prosecutors in the uncovering of a massive network of bribes and political kickbacks in Brazil s largest corruption scandal.    I am sure that the Supreme Court will hand down a ruling that will turn this into an valuable tool,  she said. ",worldnews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
Coalition of 13 states to challenge Trump on vehicle emission standards,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New York State’s attorney general and 12 other top state law enforcement officials said on Friday they would mount a vigorous court challenge to any effort to roll back vehicle emission rules by the Trump administration.  In March, President Donald Trump ordered a review of U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards from 2022-2025 put in place by the Obama administration, saying they were too tough on the auto industry. The push to weaken the rules by the Trump administration comes as automakers are worried that consumers shift to larger vehicles and low gas prices will make it expensive or impossible to meet the regulations. They also fear a prolonged fight with states over the rules could make revising their product plans difficult. Democratic state officials have been increasingly aggressive in challenging Trump administration regulatory rollback efforts. “In light of the critical public health and environmental benefits the standards will deliver, if EPA acts to weaken or delay the current standards for model years 2022-25, like California, we intend to vigorously pursue appropriate legal remedies to block such action,” the state attorneys wrote in a letter to the Environmental Protection Agency including Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Iowa, Washington State, Oregon and Rhode Island. An EPA spokesman said Friday the agency is reviewing the letter. Automakers including General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co and Toyota Motor Corp say the Obama administration did not conduct a proper review to ensure those rules are feasible. Automakers have met with Trump administration officials in recent months and hope to reach a deal with California and other states on vehicle fuel efficiency standards. Gloria Bergquist, a spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group, said automakers “urge everyone to avoid pre-judging the results” of the ongoing review. “A process is now under way again for a thoughtful and coordinated analysis,” California has opposed weakening the rules, threatened to pursue tougher standards unilaterally and could mount a legal challenge.     The White House plans to hold negotiations with car companies, California and potentially other states. A deal would remove uncertainty for automakers, who need years of lead time to engineer future models and want uniform rules across all 50 states. The Obama administration’s rules, negotiated with automakers in 2011, were aimed at doubling average fleet-wide fuel efficiency to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025. Under the 2011 deal, the 2022-2025 model year rules had to be finalized by April 2018. The Obama administration completed a review of the 2022-2025 rules days before leaving office. Without a deal, automakers could be forced to meet one set of standards in California and a dozen states that have adopted its rules and other rules in the rest of the country. In 2011, Obama said the rules would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles, but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years. ",politicsNews,"June 9, 2017 ",1
"NZ Prime Minister-elect Ardern focuses on final touches in coalition deal, NZ dollar sinks","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Prime Minister-elect Jacinda Ardern said she would spend Friday ironing out issues and ministerial posts with coalition partner New Zealand First, a day after becoming the Pacific nation s youngest leader in recent times. The previous night s highly anticipated announcement by New Zealand First leader Winston Peters that he would support 37-year-old Ardern s Labour Party had ended a decade of center-right National rule and spelt big changes for the country s economy. The New Zealand dollar - the world s 11th-most traded currency - fell to five-month lows as investors grappled with heightened uncertainty and a more protectionist agenda.   When you are a hands off government, when you simply allow markets to decide the fate of your people, then that does not serve a country or it s people well,  Ardern told reporters in Wellington.  You will see a proactive government by Labour.  Labour has released the names of the people who would be in the cabinet, saying it would announce their portfolios next week.  The include Grant Robertson, Labour s spokesman for finance, and David Parker, spokesman for trade.  Ardern said on Thursday she had offered the role of deputy prime minister to Peters, who on Thursday gave his backing to Labour after inconclusive Sept.23 elections, and he was considering it. On Thursday evening, Labour said it would also stick to its promises to change the central bank s mandate and seek to renegotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deals.  Concerns about a more protectionist agenda weighed on the currency and stock markets on Friday.  The New Zealand dollar fell to five month-lows of $0.6971 against the U.S. dollar, after posting its biggest daily fall in more than a year on Thursday.   The sentiment has now shifted toward more protectionist measures,  said Christina Leung, economist at New Zealand Institute of Economic Research.  Generally, financial markets don t like change, there is uncertainty over what this all means ... in the meantime that is reducing demand for New Zealand assets, and that s why we are seeing the decline in the New Zealand dollar.  The stock market was down 1.1 percent at the Friday open, but later recouped losses to stand in positive territory. Ardern told radio earlier that most of the party s flagship policies, including a ban on some foreign ownership of housing, had survived the negotiations with Peters in recent weeks.  With New Zealand First we ve got a few more details to iron out,  Ardern said.  Our plan remains, with a few minor changes ... we re finalizing in the next 24 hours the detail.   The election  thrust the country into political limbo for almost a month with neither major party winning enough seats to form a majority and giving New Zealand First the balance of power.  New Zealand First and Labour also needed support from the progressive Green Party, which said it would strike a  confidence and supply  agreement, meaning it was officially outside government but would hold ministerial posts and vote on key pieces of legislation like the budget. Ardern said the parties would release their agreements early next week and an announcement on ministerial posts would come later in the week. ",worldnews,"October 19, 2017 ",1
 War On Christmas Dimwits LOSE IT Over New Starbucks Cup – There’s Just One TEENSY Problem (VIDEO),"It s the first week of November, so of course, it s time for the annual  War on Christmas  idiocy to get underway. Last year, there was a massive brouhaha about Starbucks  holiday cups   they were plain red, and of course, people were pissed. Somehow, removing images like snowflakes and what-not from the cups amounted to  taking Jesus out of Christmas.  Well, Starbucks just put out a green cup with people on it, and of course, people are pissed.There s just one problem.The green cups aren t Starbucks  holiday cups.Starbucks didn t even mention Christmas or the holiday season when they released these cups!They re actually unity cups, designed to help remind people that we re all people, all Americans, during an unprecedentedly divisive election season. Starbucks  holiday cups haven t even come out yet, but they will be red with what looks like white holly leaves and berries on them. Or one version is   the photo was leaked and we can t see whether there are several versions or just that one.Watch Buzzfeed News  video about the whole non-controversy below:? It s the most wonderful time of the year ?People are mad about Starbucks holiday cups again pic.twitter.com/OXEkVtWeLk  BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) November 4, 2016And here is some of the proof that the  War on Christmas  blockheads are exactly that:Oh yes.. because Starbucks can single handily take Jesus out of Christmas with a cup  MacDoesIt // 22 (@Machaizelli) November 3, 2016Starbucks is using a green cup for Christmas this year because they re a bunch of cowards https://t.co/ruoFJ4ED3B pic.twitter.com/4YmcjTdqBI  Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) November 2, 2016RT if you think @Starbucks is trying to take Jesus out of Christmas with the new cup. Make this go viral so Starbucks makes cups red again. pic.twitter.com/KjscsgpAxQ  Jazmine (@JazzHandd) November 1, 2016At Prince William Ice Center drinking my PSL in my ISIS-loving, Jesus-hating green Starbucks cup #HappyHolidays pic.twitter.com/Fb1YtfsOMo  Kirsten Burt (@KikirBu) November 4, 2016#Starbucks launches new cup bomb as #waronchristmas begins. #starbuckschristmas https://t.co/oF583sse8E  Charisma News (@charisma_news) November 3, 2016All I want is red holiday cups at Starbucks this green cup shit is unacceptable  Mary Shampton (@youshouldmaryme) November 3, 2016This is the epitome of Christian ignorance and privilege. How s this: Learn what you re outraged over, accept that you just made horrific fools of yourselves, and get over it, people.Featured image via video screen capture ",News,"November 3, 2016",0
PRICELESS: Watch Bill Clinton Defend Hillary’s Criminal Activity in 1992 Presidential Debate,"Career criminals professional grifters the ultimate Democrat politicians Voters in Illinois and Michigan witnessed the nastiest moments thus far of the Democratic presidential campaign Sunday night when former California Gov. Jerry Brown accused Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary, of unethical behavior and funneling state business to her Little Rock law firm.With former Massachusetts Sen. Paul Tsongas standing by during a one-hour TV debate in Chicago, Brown launched a harsh, personal attack on the Democratic front-runner, citing a Washington Post story published Sunday that raised questions about the relationship between the state of Arkansas and the law firm of which Hillary Clinton is a partner.Watch the exchange between Governor Jerry Brown and Bill Clinton here:Clinton ardently defended his wife`s integrity, and he charged that Brown`s attack was driven by electoral desperation and poll results.The confrontation came as the three Democrats met for the last time before Tuesday`s presidential primaries in Illinois and Michigan.Against that backdrop, Brown unleashed his barrage after he and Tsongas were asked by a debate panelist about Clinton`s  electability  in a possible fall campaign against President Bush. I think he`s got a big electability problem,  Brown said, citing the Post story as well as other newspaper articles that addressed the governor`s environmental record in Arkansas.Calling it a  scandal of major proportions,  Brown said,  He is funneling money to his wife`s law firm for state business. . . . It`s the kind of conflict of interest that`s incompatible with the kind of public servant we expect. The Post story did not say that either Clinton or his wife had channeled money or state business to the law firm. It did note that the Rose law firm has several state agencies and large corporations on its client list.Stabbing a finger at his rival, Clinton said:  Let me tell you something, Jerry. I don`t care what you say about me, but you ought to be ashamed of yourself for jumping on my wife. You`re not worthy to be on the same platform with (her). Clinton mocked Brown`s populist campaign approach and his bulldog tactics. I don`t think you can take much of what he says seriously,  Clinton said.  Jerry comes here with his family wealth and his $1,500 suit, making lying accusations about my wife. I never funneled any money to my wife`s law firm. Never. Never. Clinton insisted that his wife had turned down her partnership share in any income the firm receives from state business.The candidates then began shouting over one another, Clinton alluding to Brown aide Patrick Caddell, a longtime Washington political consultant, and suggesting the former California governor was  somebody else`s mouthpiece.   I feel sorry for Jerry Brown,  Clinton barked.  He reinvents himself every year or two. Clinton, whose campaign has thus far survived supermarket tabloid allegations of infidelity and questions about his draft history, has been forced to respond to suggestions from all of his Democratic rivals that he cannot defeat Bush.Last week, Clinton had to address a New York Times report that documented the Clintons` investment in a real estate deal with a man who later became head of a savings and loan that eventually failed.Brown`s attack was the most pointed of the campaign, and may have marked a transition point in American politics, a point at which the career and conduct of a male politician`s spouse becomes fair game for attack.From her role on CBS`  60 Minutes  defending her husband against charges of philandering to a less celebrated role as a campaign adviser, Hillary Clinton has played an exceedingly public role in the campaign.Via: Chicago Tribune",politics,"Jul 30, 2015",0
BOOM! BUSINESS OWNER Uses Sign To Compare Legacies Of President Kennedy And Obama…And It’s Hilarious,"There are too many differences between President John F. Kennedy and Barack Hussein Obama to count. This business owner however, does a brilliant job of pointing out the legacies these two Democrat Presidents will leave behind ",left-news,"Jun 30, 2016",0
 The Internet Rips Trump Adviser’s Face Off After Saying Sean Spicer Is Always ‘100 Percent Correct’,"Trump senior adviser Stephen Miller told ABC s This Week host George Stephanopoulos on Sunday that White House press secretary Sean Spicer is always  100 percent correct.  That s kind of weird since he literally fabricated a terrorist attack several times in order to defend Trump s Muslim ban. There is nothing Spicer won t lie about to defend the alleged president.Stephanopoulos said that Spicer mentioned  from the podium  that  the decision by Nordstrom to pull those products of Ivanka Trump was a direct attack on the president s policies  after the retailer pulled her clothing line due to poor sales.The ABC host noted that Sears and K-Mart decided this week to pull Trump s home furnishing lines from their websites. Is that a direct attack on the president s policies, as well?  Stephanopoulos asked. I m not going make a comment on that. I don t have any information on it,  Miller said.  I do want to say that Sean Spicer, as always, is 100 percent correct and that what he said is true and important. And I agree with it. He just said he has no knowledge of what happened but that Sean Spicer was correct. Welcome to the alternative-facts of the Trump administration. You had a case where somebody was treated unfairly. The president stuck up for a member of his family,  Miller continued.  And the White House counselor made a light-hearted, flippant comment that nobody would interpret as being what has been cast as right now by you and the media and others. The  flippant comment  Miller is referring to belongs to Kellyanne Conway in which she hawked Ivanka Trump s clothing line on the air while sitting in the briefing room.Watch: He also made a baseless claim about voter fraud which has been thoroughly debunked.Miller is trending on Twitter and he s being mocked over this crazy-time comments.I didn t realize Stephen Miller was a 12 year old boy.  SeanScheidt (@SeanScheidt) February 12, 2017 I do want to say that Sean Spicer, as always, is 100% correct. If you listen real close, you can hear Stephen Miller s credibility die.  Ron Asher (@rmasher2) February 12, 2017How kind of Stephen Miller to take time off from managing Bates Motel to lie on all the morning shows.  Laurie Crosswell ? (@lauriecrosswell) February 12, 2017Like most of the alt-right, Stephen Miller is what happens when literally every woman rejects you.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) February 12, 2017Senior Trump aide Stephen Miller refuses to express confidence in Gen. Flynn. And he lied too. https://t.co/R1qhX0oQy1 pic.twitter.com/KAH9kyNgXp  John Aravosis (@aravosis) February 12, 2017Honestly, I feel like I need to be sprinkled with holy water after listening to Stephen Miller. #MeetThePress  Laurie Crosswell ? (@lauriecrosswell) February 12, 2017Meet America s new biggest liar, Stephen Miller. pic.twitter.com/GWewpvAzTt  DemsTalk (@DemsTalk) February 12, 2017WOL (weeping out loud) Not @TheOnion  On @ThisWeekABC   Stephen Miller says Sean Spicer is 100% right-& that voter fraud is serious issue  Katrina vandenHeuvel (@KatrinaNation) February 12, 2017we ve learned this morning that Stephen Miller also lies for a living.  Eric Boehlert (@EricBoehlert) February 12, 2017Trump liked Miller s fact-free interview, because of course.Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017Is there one member of the Trump administration that doesn t have his or her head up their ass?Image via screen capture with added tweet.",News,"February 12, 2017",0
"HUGE Spending Agreement Reached: GOP Caves On Sending 10,000 Syrian Refugees","Congress will vote on a new spending bill in just a few days so they d better get crackin  so they can read the 2,009 page bill before they vote on it, right? You can bet that when the vote comes on this bad deal that most of those voting on it have no idea what s in it. It s a typical pork-filled spending bill that throws the American taxpayer under the bus. The Republicans caved on letting Obama send 10,000 Syrian refugees for the taxpayers to support. Republicans are spineless sellouts The new spending deal reached early Wednesday morning spans more than 2,000 pages, spends $1.149 trillion   and lawmakers will have only a few days to digest it all before they re asked to vote on the legislation, which lays out Congress s priorities for the rest of fiscal year 2016.It works out to nearly $572 million per page, with lawmakers splashing money throughout the government, boosting both popular and unpopular programs alike, thanks to a spending hike agreed to in October s budget deal. That means even the IRS, which the GOP had targeted year after year for cuts, will finally see an increase in 2016. Negotiators agreed to a $290 million boost, though the extra money is required to be spent on taxpayer services and fraud detection. It s still $1.7 billion less than President Obama asked for the tax agency.The biggest fights came on policy disputes, where the GOP won a few of its priorities, but caved on far more. The bill allows Mr. Obama to follow through on his plans to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees in the U.S. this fiscal year, but does give him new powers to require some visitors from Visa Waiver Program countries to face extra scrutiny if they ve been to Iraq or Syria recently. The goal is to try to weed out foreign fighters who may have trained with the Islamic State.Republicans maintained a ban on federal funding of gun control research, turning back an effort by Democratic leaders to force studies in the wake of this year s mass killings.In a slap at former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the bill also prohibits the State Department from spending money to maintain private email accounts. Mrs. Clinton exclusively used an email server kept at her home in New York during her time in office, thwarting open-records requests and spawning the scandal that s ensnared her presidential campaign this year.Leaders of both parties will have to round up the votes to pass the measure this week, and both sides are describing it as a compromise that they can t afford to pass up. This package reflects conservative priorities in both funding and policy   including support for critical areas such as our national defense, halting many harmful regulations, and trimming wasteful spending. But it also represents a compromise that members on both sides of the aisle can and should get behind,  said Rep. Hal Rogers, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee.The bill was released at 2 a.m. Wednesday morning, meaning that if GOP leaders stick to their three-day pledge it shouldn t be voted on in the House until Friday at the earliest.That would still require reading a page every two minutes, continuously over the next couple of days, in order to get through the bill before the vote.Read more: WT",Government News,"Dec 16, 2015",0
Obama is 'fired up' for Clinton as Democrats seek to unify party,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama formally endorsed Hillary Clinton’s White House bid on Thursday and called for Democrats to unite behind her after a protracted battle with Bernie Sanders for the party nomination. U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts also backed Clinton on Thursday, telling MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “a genuine threat to the country.” Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said it “means the world” to her that Obama had her back in a bruising campaign for the Nov. 8 election.  Clinton also said she had the “highest regard” for Warren, a fiery critic of Wall Street, and was “really pleased to have her good ideas and support.” Vice President Joe Biden also waded into the campaign on Thursday. “Whoever the next president is, and God willing in my view it will be Secretary Clinton,” Biden said in a speech at the American Constitution Society in Washington. The Obama endorsement increases pressure on Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, to bow out of the race and lend his support to Clinton so that the party can focus on defeating Trump. “It is absolutely a joy and an honor that President Obama and I over the years have gone from fierce competitors to true friends,” Clinton told Reuters in an interview. After an unexpectedly tough battle against Sanders’ challenge from the left, former first lady Clinton made history when she reached the number of delegates needed to win the party nomination this week. That made her the first woman to lead a major U.S. party as its White House candidate. Obama, who enjoys rising approval ratings as he nears the end of eight years in office, will appear with Clinton on the campaign trail next week in Wisconsin. The two were opponents in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary race, which Obama won, but they buried their rivalry and she served as his secretary of state for four years. Clinton is the 2016 candidate who the White House believes will best safeguard Obama’s legacy. “I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office,” Obama said of Clinton in a video. “I’m with her. I am fired up, and I cannot wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary.”  Trump assailed the endorsement on Twitter: “He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!”  Clinton’s campaign tweeted a brash response: “Delete your account.” Sanders, who galvanized young voters with his calls for more social equality and measures to rein in Wall Street, has been reluctant to concede the race, despite concerns among leading Democrats that continuing party divisions could hamper Clinton’s efforts to beat Trump. Obama and other senior Democrats are seeking a delicate balance of rallying the party behind Clinton, while not alienating Sanders and his supporters. In what appeared to be an attempt to gently ease Sanders toward giving up his campaign, Obama met the democratic socialist for about an hour in the White House, laughing warmly as they walked into the Oval Office. Although Sanders told reporters afterward that he still planned to compete in the final nominating contest in Washington, D.C., next Tuesday, he said he would work with Clinton to defeat Trump.  Sanders was then welcomed on Capitol Hill by Senator Harry Reid, the top Democrat in the Senate. Reid said the lawmaker from Vermont was in a “good place” with his Democratic colleagues. He suggested that Sanders was close to acknowledging defeat by Clinton. “I didn’t hear a single word about him trying to change the fact that she is the nominee, I think he’s accepted that,” Reid told reporters. In the endorsement video, Obama recalled the party unity that followed his prolonged primary battle against Clinton in 2008. “Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders may have been rivals during this primary, but they’re both patriots who love this country and they share a vision for an America that we all believe in,” Obama said. Warren told MSNBC she was endorsing Clinton because “a female fighter in the lead is exactly what this country needs.” Warren’s populist credentials will boost Clinton’s ability to court Sanders voters as she prepares to battle Trump. Warren was the only female Democratic U.S. senator who did not endorse Clinton during the primary race. Clinton told Reuters she and Warren had similar views about issues such as economic policy and protecting the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which Warren pushed to start.  Trump said in an interview with Reuters last month that he would try to dismantle the Dodd-Frank law. In the interview with Reuters, Clinton said her overall economic package, including plans to rein in Wall Street and cut taxes for the middle class, would come during the first 100 days of her presidency if she defeats Trump. Clinton previously said a plan to generate jobs by investing in transportation and other infrastructure spending and immigration reform would be among other early priorities. “One of the things that President Obama said yesterday is he thought his job was to remind the American people what a really serious job this is, the tough choices, the hard decisions, the high stakes in choosing a president and commander in chief,” Clinton said. “And I know how important it is to get off to a really good start in the White House,” she said.     Trump, a wealthy real estate developer who became the party’s presumptive nominee last month after seeing off a large group of rivals, is well behind Clinton’s campaign in terms of fundraising and policy infrastructure. On Thursday, his top donors were holding their first official meeting in New York. Trump also met with industry leaders in New York at an event organized by oil billionaire Harold Hamm.   ",politicsNews,"June 9, 2016 ",1
Russia to help Syria rebuild energy facilities - Russian Deputy PM," OSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will be the only country to take part in rebuilding Syrian energy facilities, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Monday, after holding talks in Syria with President Bashar al-Assad, the RIA news agency reported. Rogozin was speaking a week after President Vladimir Putin ordered  a significant part  of Moscow s military contingent in Syria start withdrawing, declaring their work largely done. His comments offered a glimpse of how Moscow hopes it can be involved in Syria s economy, which has been badly damaged by six years of conflict.  The Syrian leadership would like to only cooperate with Russia ... in rebuilding all of the country s energy facilities,  RIA quoted Rogozin as saying.  Mr. President Bashar al-Assad said today that Syria has no desire to work with companies from countries which betrayed Syria at a certain moment,  he was cited as saying. The Interfax news agency also quoted Rogozin as saying that Russia and Syria would create a joint company to exploit a Syrian phosphates deposit, while RIA cited him as saying that Moscow planned to use Syrian sea ports to import Russian grain for Syria and other countries like Iraq.       These are very important agreements which will allow us to win this war,  Interfax quoted Rogozin as saying. ",worldnews,"December 18, 2017 ",1
‘GENTLE GIANT’ MICHAEL BROWN MEMORIAL UNVEILED…Video Captures Arrest Made At Memorial Spot On Same Day,"It would have been more appropriate for the plaque to mention that the Obama-Holder-Sharpton race war started here on Canfield Dr in Ferguson, MO. on Aug. 9, 2014 Mike Brown Sr. carried the plaque to Canfield Drive in the rain today.The makeshift Mike Brown memorial on Canfield Drive in Ferguson, Missouri caught fire and burned to the ground in September.The memorial was then ran over in December.The plaque to Mike Brown reads:In Memory of Michael O.D. Brown May 20, 1996   August 9, 2014I would like the memory of Michael Brown to be a happy one. He left an afterglow of smiles when life was done. He leaves an echo whispering softly down the ways, of happy and loving times times and bright and sunny days. He d like the tears of those who grieve, to dry before the sun of happy memories that he left behind when life was done.The last video of gentle Michael Brown was taken when he robbed a convenience store and roughed up the owner before his death.https://youtu.be/9Uf5mfE057EGentle Mike Brown was shot dead when he attacked a police officer after the robbery.There was at least one arrest today at the memorial ceremony.pic.twitter.com/mYWCgLGYGw  Search4Swag (@search4swag) May 20, 2015Via: Gateway Pundit",left-news,"May 20, 2015",0
"U.N. braces for more Rohingya to flee, seeks access to Rakhine, Myanmar","GENEVA (Reuters) - Muslim Rohingyas continue to flee Myanmar to Bangladesh and the United Nations is bracing for possible  further exodus , the U.N. humanitarian aid chief said on Friday. Mark Lowcock, U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, reiterated the world body s appeal for access to the population in northern Rakhine state saying that the current situation was  unacceptable .  This flow out of Myanmar has not stopped yet, it s into the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya (who are) still in Myanmar, we want to be ready in case there is a further exodus,  he told a news briefing in Geneva on Friday.  Half a million people do not pick up sticks and flee their country on a whim.  An estimated 2,000 Rohingya are escaping Rakhine daily for Bangladesh, where 515,000 have fled since violence erupted on Aug. 25, Joel Millman of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) told a separate briefing. ",worldnews,"October 6, 2017 ",1
Six Dreamers sue Trump administration over DACA decision,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Diego attorney Dulce Garcia has regularly defended clients in immigration court. Now, she is the one seeking legal relief.  Brought to the United States illegally by her parents as a child, Garcia is one of six immigrants who sued the Trump administration on Monday over its decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program. Since it was authorized in 2012 by President Barack Obama, the program has provided protection from deportation and the right to work legally to nearly 800,000 young people.  Garcia’s case, filed in San Francisco federal court, is the first to be brought by DACA recipients, known as Dreamers, since U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced earlier this month that the Obama-era policy would start winding down in March 2018, according to Garcia’s lawyers.   It is among several lawsuits challenging the decision to end DACA, including two cases brought by state attorneys general. The legal claims in all of the cases, including Garcia’s, are similar: that the Trump administration did not follow proper administrative procedure in rescinding DACA, and that making enforcement promises to a group of people, only to revoke them, violates due process.  The Trump administration has said it is ending DACA because Obama overstepped his constitutional authority when he bypassed Congress and created the DACA program unilaterally. President Donald Trump called on Congress to enact a law to protect DACA recipients and last week angered some of his fellow Republicans by negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation. During the 2016 presidential election Trump ran on a hardline immigration platform, promising to end DACA and strengthen border protections in order to increase jobs for U.S. workers.  The daughter of a hotel housekeeper and a welder, Garcia arrived in Southern California from Mexico at the age of 4. A few years later, she said, her family was ousted from their apartment because the property contained illegal units. “We were living out of my dad’s truck for a little bit there,” she said. Garcia decided to become an attorney after working for a criminal defense lawyer in high school. She put herself through school working for lawyers and performing other jobs such as parking cars. After Obama announced DACA in 2012, Garcia, now 34, seized the opportunity. When she filled out forms for a social security number in 2013, the government clerk congratulated her. “I cried right there,” she said. The case on behalf of Garcia and other DACA recipients could be heard with two separately filed San Francisco DACA cases, one brought by the University of California and the other by a group of state attorneys general, led by California’s Xavier Becerra. Another group of attorneys general, led by New York’s Eric Schneiderman, filed a lawsuit over DACA on September 6 in Brooklyn federal court.  Legal experts have said court challenges to Trump’s decision could face an uphill battle because a president typically has wide authority in implementing immigration policy. Jirayut “New” Latthivongskorn, another plaintiff in the lawsuit on Monday, was brought to the United States from Thailand when he was nine. Latthivongskorn is now a fourth year medical student at University of California San Francisco and a master’s degree candidate in public health at Harvard. His DACA work authorization expires in January 2019.  His medical residency is not set to begin until a few months after that, and could be impossible if he loses his authorization to work legally. “I have all these big ideas about how I want to change the world and change systems around health care,” he said. “The fact I might not be able to get there is troubling and frustrating.” Garcia said that having to advise some of her DACA clients that there may be no help for them while at the same time trying to address her own immigration status takes a toll.  “That’s a reason why I don’t do exclusively immigration law,” she said. “It would wear me down too fast.”",politicsNews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
Kenya election board: all eight candidates will be on ballot in repeat poll,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election board said on Wednesday that all eight presidential candidates who competed in elections in August - later nullified by the Supreme Court - would be on the ballot when repeat elections were held on Oct. 26.  The board also noted that opposition leader Raila Odinga, the main challenger to incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta, had not yet submitted the official form to withdraw from the elections. Odinga had only sent them a letter after he announced he was withdrawing on Tuesday amid concerns over fairness. ",worldnews,"October 11, 2017 ",1
"No breakthrough in Supreme Court dispute between Obama, Republicans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders of the Senate on Tuesday rebuffed President Barack Obama’s appeal for hearings and a vote on his U.S. Supreme Court nominee during a face-to-face meeting that failed to budge them from their vow to block any nominee he offers. Obama, planning to name a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia in the coming weeks, huddled with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley in the White House Oval Office for less than an hour. “Senator Grassley and I made it clear that we don’t intend to take up a nominee or to have a hearing,” McConnell told reporters after the meeting. The meeting failed to produce any progress on how to proceed with finding a replacement for Scalia, a long-serving conservative justice who died on Feb. 13. McConnell and Grassley are insistent that Obama not pick a nominee and leave the decision to his successor, who takes office next January after the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Obama is insistent that it is the Republican-led Senate’s constitutional duty to act on his nominee. “They made clear in their meeting with the president that they’re not going to change their mind just because the president says so,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said of the Republicans. Earnest said Obama still believes it was worthwhile to consult with the lawmakers before making his nomination. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said Obama stated during the meeting he would be willing to consider candidates for the Supreme Court proposed by the Republicans, but McConnell and Grassley offered no names. “We killed a lot of time talking about basketball and other stuff,” said Reid, who attended along with the Judiciary Committee’s top Democrat, Patrick Leahy. Under the Constitution, the president nominates Supreme Court justices and the Senate must confirm them. Without Scalia, the court has four conservative and four liberal justices, meaning any potential Obama nominee could tip the court to the left for the first time in decades. McConnell and Grassley have said allowing the next president to pick the new justice would let voters have a say in the selection when they elect a new president. “Whether everybody in the meeting today wanted to admit it, we all know that considering a nomination in the middle of a heated presidential campaign is bad for the nominee, bad for the court, bad for the process and ultimately bad for the nation,” Grassley said in a statement. ",politicsNews,"March 1, 2016 ",1
Canada defends refugee system as Somali immigrant charged in attack,"EDMONTON, Alberta (Reuters) - Canada defended its immigration and refugee vetting system on Monday after a Somali immigrant, who had drawn scrutiny for his alleged extremist views, was charged with attempted murder for a weekend vehicle and knife attack that injured five. Abdulahi Hasan Sharif, 30, is accused of running down a police officer with his car in Edmonton, Alberta, and then stabbing him repeatedly. He then ran down four pedestrians during an attempt to evade capture. Sharif faces 11 charges including five for attempted murder linked to the rampage in the western Canadian city on Saturday night and police said more charges could be laid. He came to Canada in 2012 and was granted refugee status in the same year, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said.  Though targeted in a probe two years ago for promoting extremist ideology, Sharif was deemed to pose no threat after what the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) described on Sunday as an  exhaustive investigation.      Goodale said it would be wrong to blame the attack on any shortcomings in Canada s immigration and refugee vetting system.  There s absolutely no evidence of that whatsoever. The investigation is ongoing, but that conclusion is just not supported by the facts,  Goodale told reporters in Ottawa.  Still, the attack could leave Prime Minister Justin Trudeau open to more criticism from conservatives for the welcoming message he extended to refugees earlier this year, after U.S. President Donald Trump issued a travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries. Canada has seen a surge in illegal border crossings this year as people fearing a U.S. immigration crackdown and possible deportation sought asylum.  Opposition Conservative parliamentarian Michelle Rempel said the incident raised questions about how police and immigration officials share information.  If there are gaps in the system that allowed this to happen, what are we going to do to fix those?  Rempel asked in comments to Reuters.  Edmonton s refugee and Somali communities are bracing for a  backlash in the wake of the attack, and met on Monday to discuss how to move forward, said Ahmed Abdulkadir, executive director of the Ogaden Somali Community of Alberta.   We ve been receiving phone calls from moms asking us what to do  and whether it s safe to send their children to school, Abdulkadir said.  Sharif s bail hearing was delayed until Tuesday but police released a photo of Sharif taken after his capture, showing a young man gazing directly at the camera, a large bruise on his forehead.   Karen King, one of Sharif s neighbors in an Edmonton, said he kept to himself and lived alone. Another, Jeff Dearman, said he played loud music and chanted sometimes.  It was all normal other than that,  Dearman said.  Two of the four people injured on Saturday remained in hospital, with one listed in serious condition, RCMP Superintendent Stacey Talbot told a news conference. Despite the incident, Canada s government said it was keeping the terrorism threat level at medium, where it has been since late 2014 after two deadly attacks attributed to homegrown radicals. The incidents led to tougher new anti-terrorism measures.  In October, 2014, a gunman killed a soldier at Ottawa s national war memorial before launching an attack on the Canadian Parliament. In the same week, a man ran down two soldiers in Quebec, killing one. ",worldnews,"October 2, 2017 ",1
WATCH: VINTAGE JOHNNY CASH VIDEO Delivers A POWERFUL Message That Should Be Played In Every NFL Locker Room," Out of all of the places we ve ever been overseas, and of all the places we ve been overseas it don t matter where  ya know. When we come back to this country, we love it a whole lot more than when we left and went somewhere else. I thank God for all of the freedoms we ve got in this country. I cherish them and treasure them. Um even the rights to burn the flag, ya know. I m proud of those rights. The crowd can be heard moaning and is clearly not happy with Cash saying he cherished the right to burn the American flag. Lemme tell you something. Shhh! We ve also got the right to bear arms, and if you burn my flag, I ll shoot you! Cash then clarified his statement,  But I ll shoot you with a lot of love, like a good American! After such a trip overseas in 1975, I wrote this Watch, as Johnny Cash performs Ragged Old Flag, a beautiful song  he wrote that gives the history of why Americans honor our flag:Before becoming a musician, Cash worked in the Air Force. While most people waited to be drafted for the required two years, Cash wanted more and stayed for four. He was shipped to Germany during the Korean War. His role was to intercept and decipher Russian morse code.The man in black, discovered that Soviet Union Premier, Joseph Stalin, died before US president Dwight Eisenhower even knew. He was working as a radio operator for the military at the time of Stalin s death and was the first person to receive the message.",left-news,"Oct 19, 2017",0
BREAKING: IT’S “INDEPENDENCE DAY!”…HISTORIC UK BREXIT VOTE…UK To Leave EU Globalist Elite,"A shocking victory  53% LEAVE 47% STAYIt was at three o'clock in the morning that it became clear that Leave would win https://t.co/23HHvtL3I9  John Rentoul (@JohnRentoul) June 24, 2016Watch HERE to see the outspoken UKIP Party leader, Nigel Farage only months ago destroy EU elitist leaders, Germany s Angela Merkle and France s Francois Hollande on their willingness to open their borders to economic migrants and people who have no intention of assimilating in their countries.As results poured in, a picture emerged of a sharply divided nation: Strong pro-EU votes in the economic and cultural powerhouse of London and semi-autonomous Scotland were countered by sweeping anti-Establishment sentiment for an exit across the rest of England, from southern seaside towns to rust-belt former industrial powerhouses in the north. A lot of people s grievances are coming out and we have got to start listening to them,  said deputy Labour Party leader John McDonnell.With more than 16 million of an expected 30 million votes counted, the result was closely split, with the  leave  ahead by a few hundred thousand votes   and  remain  underperforming analysts  expectations. Few  remain  strongholds are doing better than expected,  said John Curtice, a University of Strathclyde political scientist and BBC election analyst.  There are far more places where  leave  are doing better than expected. It may be possible that the experts are going to have egg on their face later on tonight,  he said.A vote to leave the EU would destabilize the 28-nation trading bloc, created from the ashes of World War II to keep the peace in Europe. A  remain  vote would nonetheless leave Britain divided and the EU scrambling to reform.The British pound plunged to a 31-year low on Friday as results in the country s European Union referendum gave the  leave  side a small but growing lead.The figures delivered a deep shock to financial markets, overturning earlier anticipation of a narrow victory for  remain . The pound initially soared as polls closed and two opinion surveys put  remain  ahead and two leading supporters of the  leave  campaign said it appeared the pro-EU side had won.But it then suffered one of its biggest one-day falls in history, plummeting from about $1.50 to below $1.35 as results suggested a strong possibility the UK would vote to quit the bloc. As results poured in, a picture emerged of a sharply divided nation: Strong pro-EU votes in the economic and cultural powerhouse of London and semi-autonomous Scotland were countered by sweeping anti-Establishment sentiment for an exit across the rest of England, from southern seaside towns to rust-belt former industrial powerhouses in the north.Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party, has declared June 23 Britain s  Independence Day . Via: UK Daily Mail Birmingham votes to Leave. Full results: https://t.co/4hLZofNaC7 #EURef pic.twitter.com/6m86YJwgSF  BBC Election (@bbcelection) June 24, 2016 Here is a screen shot of the BBC s most recent polling results: For live updates, go here: BBC Nigel Farage had said even if the Leave campaign loses the referendum  we will win this war . Nigel Farage is a BIG winner today!The UKIP leader said Eurosceptics had been dismissed as  fringey  and  fruitcakes  in the past but would attract around 50% of votes cast.While Remain might  edge  a win, he said:  The Eurosceptic genie is out of the bottle and will not be put back .Of the EU, he said:  If we do stay part of this union it s doomed   it s finished anyway. The UK voted on Thursday in a referendum on to leave or remain part of the European Union.Outspoken UKIP Party leader Nigel Farage has won! The UK has voted to break free from the globalistVia: BBC ",politics,"Jun 24, 2016",0
Tokyo Governor Koike: No need for big change in monetary policy,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose new conservative party is challenging Japan s ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 election, said on Friday there was no need for a major change in the Bank of Japan s hyper-easy monetary policy and there should not be any sudden change under the next central bank chief. In an interview, Koike told Reuters the BOJ had adopted a hyper-easy monetary policy, adding:  Unfortunately, this has not cured deflation. But I think there is no need for a big change in direction.  Asked about desirable policy under the next BOJ governor, she said,  There will probably be parts that are an extension of current policy. If there were a sudden change, I think that would have an impact on the stock market.   BOJ Governor Haruhiko has been the main architect of monetary policy under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and his 5-year term expires in early April 2018.  ",worldnews,"October 6, 2017 ",1
 Ann Coulter Mocks Slain Soldier’s Dad – Simply For Being Muslim,"Just when you thought Ann Coulter couldn t be any more vile than she s shown herself to be, she showed herself yet again to be the lowest form of human scum.The 50-something washed up Trump supporter decided that the only way her miserable self could get attention was to make fun of a slain soldier s dad, simply because he s Muslim.I thought Republicans were all about  supporting the troops  and their families? I guess not.This is the tweet the mean spirited New Yorker sent out:You know what this convention really needed? An angry Muslim with a thick accent like Fareed Zacaria.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 29, 2016Coulter is referring to Khizr Khan, whose son, a Purple Heart recipient, died in 2004 while fighting for his country in Iraq after a suicide bomber attacked his unit.And still, after all that, Republicans found a way to make fun of someone who dares to be different than them.In the eyes of conservatives, it doesn t matter who someone is and why they re on stage   the only thing they focus on is their race, their religion, and their skin color.If this is the best Republicans can do, attacking military families, they are in for a rude awakening come November. They are finally being exposed as the faux patriotic, racist demogauges they have always truly been.Congrats, GOP. A 10 times New York Times bestseller has sunk so low as to be worst than pond scum. You have a truly great ally in this fight   not.November can t come fast enough. Once Trump loses (assuming Democrats are inspired enough to actually get out and vote) racism can be finally put on the back burner as the country will move on and continue to progress, and loser conservatives like Ann Coulter will no longer have any legitimacy.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"July 29, 2016",0
"Democrat Sanders, 'big fan of pope,' to attend Vatican conference","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders announced on Friday he had accepted an invitation to the Vatican, saying his views on fighting income equality were similar to those of Pope Francis. “I am a big, big fan of the pope,” Sanders said in an interview on MSNBC. “He’s trying to inject this sense of morality into how we do economics ... and we need that absolutely desperately.” The Sanders campaign said in a statement that he would attend a conference on social, economic and environmental issues during the April 15 visit. Sanders, who has made fighting poverty a central issue of his campaign, said he would talk about how to create a moral economy during his visit. The visit will come four days before the primary election in delegate-rich New York, a state that both Sanders and his rival Democrat Hillary Clinton are viewing as home turf and hoping to win. The announcement of Sanders’ trip came as the pope called for a church that was less strict and more compassionate toward “imperfect” Catholics. Sanders said he admires the pope for talking about the “worship of money, the greed that’s out there.” “There are people who think that Bernie Sanders is radical,” Sanders said on MSNBC. “Read what the pope is writing.” ",politicsNews,"April 8, 2016 ",1
House intelligence panel leaders split over session on Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The partisan divide over the House Intelligence Committee’s probe of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election deepened on Friday, when the committee’s top Democrat suggested  its Republican chairman canceled a public hearing after pressure from the White House. Panel chairman Devin Nunes said he had to cancel next Tuesday’s hearing with officials from former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration in order to have a classified briefing with the directors of the National Security Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation. “The committee seeks additional information ... that can only be addressed in closed session,” Representative Nunes told reporters. FBI Director James Comey and NSA head Admiral Mike Rogers testified at a public hearing on Monday at which Comey confirmed for the first time that the FBI is investigating possible ties between Republican President Donald Trump’s campaign as Moscow sought to influence the 2016 election. Representative Adam Schiff, the intelligence committee’s top Democrat, said the cancellation was not in the public interest. “I think that there must have been a very strong pushback from the White House about the nature of Monday’s hearing. It’s hard for me to come to any other conclusion about why an agreed upon hearing would be suddenly canceled,” Schiff told a separate news conference.  The scheduled witnesses, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, former Central Intelligence Agency Director John Brennan and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, were in office when the purported hacking and disinformation by Russia to influence the election took place. Russia has denied allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that it sought to influence the election, and Trump, a Republican, has said the controversy was cooked up by Democrats and fanned by hostile media. Nunes also said on Friday that former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort’s lawyers told the committee that he is volunteering to be interviewed, and that the panel would work with his lawyers to decide whether the interview would be open or closed to the public. The New York Times reported last month Manafort was one of several Trump advisers whose contacts with Russian operatives were monitored by U.S. law enforcement and intelligence. Manafort, who was Trump’s campaign chairman for several months last year, dismissed the report, the newspaper said. Many Democrats, including Schiff, have questioned whether a committee led by Nunes, a close Trump ally who served on the president’s transition team, can still be relied on to conduct a credible investigation. They have called for a special prosecutor or select committee. Nunes apologized to the intelligence panel on Thursday for announcing to the public and briefing Trump that U.S. intelligence may have swept up communications by Trump associates before telling the committee. Schiff said Democrats had no intention of giving up on the investigation. “From my point of view, that would be irresponsible of us. So, I think we’re going to do our best to investigate this regardless of the obstacles we’re encountering,” Schiff said. Trump, who in early March tweeted without giving evidence that Obama had wiretapped his campaign while the businessman competed against Democrat Hillary Clinton, said he was “somewhat vindicated” by Nunes’ statement about the surveillance. ",politicsNews,"March 24, 2017 ",1
" ‘Self-Funding’ Trump Gets Desperate, Shamelessly Begs Donors For $100k In A Day","Ever since he began his run for President, Donald Trump and his  poorly educated  (his words, not mine) followers have boasted that the 2016 GOP nominee has  self-funded  and will continue to  self-fund  his campaign (though he has accepted donations the entire time, and has in actuality been loaning his campaign money). I don t think it is fair to say that a person is self-funding if a significant share of those contributions come from someone other than the candidate,  Rick Hasen, an expert in election and campaign finance law at the University of California Irvine, said of Trump s claims that he is self-funding his efforts.  Nor do I think a candidate who loans money to his campaign, but who expects to be paid back by the campaign, is fairly characterized as self-funding. While it may not have been fair before, new developments reveal it to be an outright lie, not that Trump supporters will care. On Saturday morning, the Trump campaign sent out an  emergency  email begging his vapid followers to give him a whopping $100,000 by the end of the day. Right now we re facing an emergency goal of $100,000 to help get our ads on the air. We need your contribution by 11:59 P.M. tonight,  the email reads.   Crooked Hillary is about to invade your TV with ads attacking Mr. Trump. But we re preparing to fight back. Trump is desperate. With his poll numbers in a free-fall, with a civil war brewing in the GOP, and with Trump finally facing the reality that he will lose in November if he makes it to November, the facade is falling away. All that is left is the truth   that Donald Trump is a conman whose worth as a candidate matches his worth as a human being. Both, of course, are severely lacking.Featured image via Getty Images/Branden Camp",News,"June 18, 2016",0
ANTIFA: Self-Appointed Radical Revolutionaries or Neoliberal Thought Police?," Antifa (Photo: Twitter)Diana Johnstone 21st Century Wire Fascists are divided into two categories, the fascists and the anti-fascists  ~ Ennio FlaianoIn recent weeks, a totally disoriented left has been widely exhorted to unify around a masked vanguard calling itself Antifa, for anti-fascist. Hooded and dressed in black, Antifa is essentially a variation of the Black Bloc, familiar for introducing violence into peaceful demonstrations in many countries. Imported from Europe, the label Antifa sounds more political. It also serves the purpose of stigmatizing those it attacks as  fascists .Despite its imported European name, Antifa is basically just another example of America s steady descent into violence.Historical PretensionsAntifa first came to prominence from its role in reversing Berkeley s proud  free speech  tradition by preventing right wing personalities from speaking there. But its moment of glory was its clash with rightwingers in Charlottesville on August 12, largely because Trump commented that there were  good people on both sides . With exuberant Schadenfreude, commentators grabbed the opportunity to condemn the despised President for his  moral equivalence , thereby bestowing a moral blessing on Antifa.Charlottesville served as a successful book launching for Antifa: the Antifascist Handbook, whose author, young academic Mark Bray, is an Antifa in both theory and practice. The book is  really taking off very fast , rejoiced the publisher, Melville House. It instantly won acclaim from leading mainstream media such as the New York Times,The Guardian and NBC, not hitherto known for rushing to review leftwing books, least of all those by revolutionary anarchists.The Washington Post welcomed Bray as spokesman for  insurgent activist movements  and observed that: The book s most enlightening contribution is on the history of anti-fascist efforts over the past century, but its most relevant for today is its justification for stifling speech and clobbering white supremacists. Bray s  enlightening contribution  is to a tell a flattering version of the Antifa story to a generation whose dualistic, Holocaust-centered view of history has largely deprived them of both the factual and the analytical tools to judge multidimensional events such as the growth of fascism. Bray presents today s Antifa as though it were the glorious legitimate heir to every noble cause since abolitionism. But there were no anti-fascists before fascism, and the label  Antifa  by no means applies to all the many adversaries of fascism.The implicit claim to carry on the tradition of the International Brigades who fought in Spain against Franco is nothing other than a form of innocence by association. Since we must revere the heroes of the Spanish Civil War, some of that esteem is supposed to rub off on their self-designated heirs. Unfortunately, there are no veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade still alive to point to the difference between a vast organized defense against invading fascist armies and skirmishes on the Berkeley campus. As for the Anarchists of Catalonia, the patent on anarchism ran out a long time ago, and anyone is free to market his own generic.The original Antifascist movement was an effort by the Communist International to cease hostilities with Europe s Socialist Parties in order to build a common front against the triumphant movements led by Mussolini and Hitler.Since Fascism thrived, and Antifa was never a serious adversary, its apologists thrive on the  nipped in the bud  claim:  if only  Antifascists had beat up the fascist movements early enough, the latter would have been nipped in the bud. Since reason and debate failed to stop the rise of fascism, they argue, we must use street violence   which, by the way, failed even more decisively.This is totally ahistorical. Fascism exalted violence, and violence was its preferred testing ground. Both Communists and Fascists were fighting in the streets and the atmosphere of violence helped fascism thrive as a bulwark against Bolshevism, gaining the crucial support of leading capitalists and militarists in their countries, which brought them to power.Since historic fascism no longer exists, Bray s Antifa have broadened their notion of  fascism  to include anything that violates the current Identity Politics canon: from  patriarchy  (a pre-fascist attitude to put it mildly) to  transphobia  (decidedly a post-fascist problem).The masked militants of Antifa seem to be more inspired by Batman than by Marx or even by Bakunin.Storm Troopers of the Neoliberal War PartySince Mark Bray offers European credentials for current US Antifa, it is appropriate to observe what Antifa amounts to in Europe today.In Europe, the tendency takes two forms. Black Bloc activists regularly invade various leftist demonstrations in order to smash windows and fight the police. These testosterone exhibits are of minor political significance, other than provoking public calls to strengthen police forces. They are widely suspected of being influenced by police infiltration.As an example, last September 23, several dozen black-clad masked ruffians, tearing down posters and throwing stones, attempted to storm the platform where the flamboyant Jean-Luc M lenchon was to address the mass meeting of La France Insoumise, today the leading leftist party in France. Their unspoken message seemed to be that nobody is revolutionary enough for them. Occasionally, they do actually spot a random skinhead to beat up. This establishes their credentials as  anti-fascist .They use these credentials to arrogate to themselves the right to slander others in a sort of informal self-appointed inquisition.As prime example, in late 2010, a young woman named Ornella Guyet appeared in Paris seeking work as a journalist in various leftist periodicals and blogs. She  tried to infiltrate everywhere , according to the former director of Le Monde diplomatique, Maurice Lemoine, who  always intuitively distrusted her  when he hired her as an intern.Viktor Dedaj, who manages one of the main leftist sites in France, Le Grand Soir, was among those who tried to help her, only to experience an unpleasant surprise a few months later. Ornella had become a self-appointed inquisitor dedicated to denouncing  conspirationism, confusionism, anti-Semitism and red-brown  on Internet. This took the form of personal attacks on individuals whom she judged to be guilty of those sins. What is significant is that all her targets were opposed to US and NATO aggressive wars in the Middle East.Indeed, the timing of her crusade coincided with the  regime change  wars that destroyed Libya and tore apart Syria. The attacks singled out leading critics of those wars.Viktor Dedaj was on her hit list. So was Michel Collon, close to the Belgian Workers Party, author, activist and manager of the bilingual site Investig action. So was Fran ois Ruffin, film-maker, editor of the leftist journal Fakir elected recently to the National Assembly on the list of M lenchon s party La France Insoumise. And so on. The list is long.The targeted personalities are diverse, but all have one thing in common: opposition to aggressive wars. What s more, so far as I can tell, just about everyone opposed to those wars is on her list.The main technique is guilt by association. High on the list of mortal sins is criticism of the European Union, which is associated with  nationalism  which is associated with  fascism  which is associated with  anti-Semitism , hinting at a penchant for genocide. This coincides perfectly with the official policy of the EU and EU governments, but Antifa uses much harsher language.In mid-June 2011, the anti-EU party Union Populaire R publicaine led by Fran ois Asselineau was the object of slanderous insinuations on Antifa internet sites signed by  Marie-Anne Boutoleau  (a pseudonym for Ornella Guyet). Fearing violence, owners cancelled scheduled UPR meeting places in Lyon. UPR did a little investigation, discovering that Ornella Guyet was on the speakers list at a March 2009 Seminar on International Media organized in Paris by the Center for the Study of International Communications and the School of Media and Public Affairs at George Washington University. A surprising association for such a zealous crusader against  red-brown .In case anyone has doubts,  red-brown  is a term used to smear anyone with generally leftist views   that is,  red    with the fascist color  brown . This smear can be based on having the same opinion as someone on the right, speaking on the same platform with someone on the right, being published alongside someone on the right, being seen at an anti-war demonstration also attended by someone on the right, and so on. This is particularly useful for the War Party, since these days, many conservatives are more opposed to war than leftists who have bought into the  humanitarian war  mantra.The government doesn t need to repress anti-war gatherings. Antifa does the job.The Franco-African comedien Dieudonn  M Bala M Bala, stigmatized for anti-Semitism since 2002 for his tv sketch lampooning an Israeli settler as part of George W. Bush s  Axis of Good , is not only a target, but serves as a guilty association for anyone who defends his right to free speech   such as Belgian professor Jean Bricmont, virtually blacklisted in France for trying to get in a word in favor of free speech during a TV talk show. Dieudonn  has been banned from the media, sued and fined countless times, even sentenced to jail in Belgium, but continues to enjoy a full house of enthusiastic supporters at his one-man shows, where the main political message is opposition to war.Still, accusations of being soft on Dieudonn  can have serious effects on individuals in more precarious positions, since the mere hint of  anti-Semitism  can be a career killer in France. Invitations are cancelled, publications refused, messages go unanswered.In April 2016, Ornella Guyet dropped out of sight, amid strong suspicions about her own peculiar associations.The moral of this story is simple. Self-appointed radical revolutionaries can be the most useful thought police for the neoliberal war party.I am not suggesting that all, or most, Antifa are agents of the establishment. But they can be manipulated, infiltrated or impersonated precisely because they are self-anointed and usually more or less disguised.Silencing Necessary DebateOne who is certainly sincere is Mark Bray, author of The Intifa Handbook. It is clear where Mark Bray is coming from when he writes (p.36-7):  Hitler s  final solution  murdered six million Jews in gas chambers, with firing squads, through hunger an lack of medical treatment in squalid camps and ghettoes, with beatings, by working them to death, and through suicidal despair. Approximately two out of every three Jews on the continent were killed, including some of my relatives. This personal history explains why Mark Bray feels passionately about  fascism . This is perfectly understandable in one who is haunted by fear that  it can happen again .However, even the most justifiable emotional concerns do not necessarily contribute to wise counsel. Violent reactions to fear may seem to be strong and effective when in reality they are morally weak and practically ineffectual.We are in a period of great political confusion. Labeling every manifestation of  political incorrectness  as fascism impedes clarification of debate over issues that very much need to be defined and clarified.The scarcity of fascists has been compensated by identifying criticism of immigration as fascism. This identification, in connection with rejection of national borders, derives much of its emotional force above all from the ancestral fear in the Jewish community of being excluded from the nations in which they find themselves.The issue of immigration has different aspects in different places. It is not the same in European countries as in the United States. There is a basic distinction between immigrants and immigration. Immigrants are people who deserve consideration. Immigration is a policy that needs to be evaluated. It should be possible to discuss the policy without being accused of persecuting the people. After all, trade union leaders have traditionally opposed mass immigration, not out of racism, but because it can be a deliberate capitalist strategy to bring down wages.In reality, immigration is a complex subject, with many aspects that can lead to reasonable compromise. But to polarize the issue misses the chances for compromise. By making mass immigration the litmus test of whether or not one is fascist, Antifa intimidation impedes reasonable discussion. Without discussion, without readiness to listen to all viewpoints, the issue will simply divide the population into two camps, for and against. And who will win such a confrontation?A recent survey* shows that mass immigration is increasingly unpopular in all European countries. The complexity of the issue is shown by the fact that in the vast majority of European countries, most people believe they have a duty to welcome refugees, but disapprove of continued mass immigration. The official argument that immigration is a good thing is accepted by only 40%, compared to 60% of all Europeans who believe that  immigration is bad for our country . A left whose principal cause is open borders will become increasingly unpopular.Childish ViolenceThe idea that the way to shut someone up is to punch him in the jaw is as American as Hollywood movies. It is also typical of the gang war that prevails in certain parts of Los Angeles. Banding together with others  like us  to fight against gangs of  them  for control of turf is characteristic of young men in uncertain circumstances. The search for a cause can involve endowing such conduct with a political purpose: either fascist or antifascist. For disoriented youth, this is an alternative to joining the US Marines.American Antifa looks very much like a middle class wedding between Identity Politics and gang warfare. Mark Bray (page 175) quotes his DC Antifa source as implying that the motive of would-be fascists is to side with  the most powerful kid in the block  and will retreat if scared. Our gang is tougher than your gang.That is also the logic of US imperialism, which habitually declares of its chosen enemies:  All they understand is force.  Although Antifa claim to be radical revolutionaries, their mindset is perfectly typical the atmosphere of violence which prevails in militarized America.In another vein, Antifa follows the trend of current Identity Politics excesses that are squelching free speech in what should be its citadel, academia. Words are considered so dangerous that  safe spaces  must be established to protect people from them. This extreme vulnerability to injury from words is strangely linked to tolerance of real physical violence.Wild Goose ChaseIn the United States, the worst thing about Antifa is the effort to lead the disoriented American left into a wild goose chase, tracking down imaginary  fascists  instead of getting together openly to work out a coherent positive program. The United States has more than its share of weird individuals, of gratuitous aggression, of crazy ideas, and tracking down these marginal characters, whether alone or in groups, is a huge distraction. The truly dangerous people in the United States are safely ensconced in Wall Street, in Washington Think Tanks, in the executive suites of the sprawling military industry, not to mention the editorial offices of some of the mainstream media currently adopting a benevolent attitude toward  anti-fascists  simply because they are useful in focusing on the maverick Trump instead of themselves.Antifa USA, by defining  resistance to fascism  as resistance to lost causes   the Confederacy, white supremacists and for that matter Donald Trump   is actually distracting from resistance to the ruling neoliberal establishment, which is also opposed to the Confederacy and white supremacists and has already largely managed to capture Trump by its implacable campaign of denigration. That ruling establishment, which in its insatiable foreign wars and introduction of police state methods, has successfully used popular  resistance to Trump  to make him even worse than he already was.The facile use of the term  fascist  gets in the way of thoughtful identification and definition of the real enemy of humanity today. In the contemporary chaos, the greatest and most dangerous upheavals in the world all stem from the same source, which is hard to name, but which we might give the provisional simplified label of Globalized Imperialism. This amounts to a multifaceted project to reshape the world to satisfy the demands of financial capitalism, the military industrial complex, United States ideological vanity and the megalomania of leaders of lesser  Western  powers, notably Israel. It could be called simply  imperialism , except that it is much vaster and more destructive than the historic imperialism of previous centuries. It is also much more disguised. And since it bears no clear label such as  fascism , it is difficult to denounce in simple terms.The fixation on preventing a form of tyranny that arose over 80 years ago, under very different circumstances, obstructs recognition of the monstrous tyranny of today. Fighting the previous war leads to defeat.Donald Trump is an outsider who will not be let inside. The election of Donald Trump is above all a grave symptom of the decadence of the American political system, totally ruled by money, lobbies, the military-industrial complex and corporate media. Their lies are undermining the very basis of democracy. Antifa has gone on the offensive against the one weapon still in the hands of the people: the right to free speech and assembly.***Diana Johnstone is author of the introduction to her father s memoir, From MAD to Madness: Inside Pentagon Nuclear War Planning, by Paul H. Johnstone (Clarity Press).READ MORE FASCIST NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fascist FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",US_News,"October 17, 2017",0
Trump to nominate Goldman Sachs' Donovan as deputy Treasury secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate Goldman Sachs (GS.N) banker James Donovan as deputy Treasury secretary, the White House said on Tuesday, adding another alumnus of the Wall Street investment bank to his administration. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn are also former Goldman executives who occupy senior economic posts within the administration. Donovan’s work at the bank as a managing director has included work on corporate strategy, investment banking and investment management, the White House said in a statement. He is expected to work on the Trump administration’s domestic policy agenda at Treasury. The White House also named David Malpass, a former official in the Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations, as its nominee for Treasury undersecretary for international affairs, a key economic diplomacy post.   Malpass also served as a former economist at Wall Street bank Bear Stearns prior to its 2008 collapse and most recently served as an economic adviser to Trump’s campaign. The White House also named former national security and federal law enforcement official Sigal Mandelker to the Treasury’s top sanctions post as undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence.  A former law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, Mandelker later held a series of criminal prosecution positions at the Department of Justice and advised the Secretary of Homeland Security during the George W. Bush administration.     ",politicsNews,"March 15, 2017 ",1
The Las Vegas and Weinstein Cover-ups: Boiler Room EP #132,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Shawn Helton (of 21st Century Wire) Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One) & Randy J (ACR & 21Wire Contributor) for the hundred and thirty second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is further analyzing aspects of the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay mass shooting event with Shawn Helton joining to share his latest discovery with this exclusive 21Wire/ACR report. Shawn uncovers connections between the Phoenix charity foundation co-founded by Kymberley Suchomel, a survivor of the Las Vegas shooting, and the well known DHS related Geo Group. Kymberley Suchomel is reported to have died suddenly on October 9th, of apparent known health conditions.  The reason why the Geo Group link is so significant, is that prior to modern America s largest mass shooting in Las Vegas, an apparent survivor of the incident was operating a foundation that was accepting financial support from a large-scale company formerly known as The Wackenhut Corporation, a subsidiary of G4S Secure Solutions, one of the world s largest security firms, and a Department of Homeland Security connected conglomerate tied to the suspicious Orlando shooting in the summer of 2016   an event, that was previously the country s largest mass shooting.   Direct Download Episode #132 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",Middle-east,"October 20, 2017",0
Britain must be clearer on Brexit divorce bill: Dutch PM,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should clear up what financial commitments Britain is willing to honor as part of its divorce agreement with the European Union, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Thursday.  Theresa May has to come up with more clarity on what she means by  other commitments  in her Florence speech. I phoned her last week, and tried to encourage her to do that and so far she hasn t,  Rutte told reporters on arriving at an EU summit. Asked if the clarification was needed on money, Rutte said:  Yes, primarily, and about citizens rights and border controls   these are still difficult issues, but particularly the question of the exit bill,  he said. ",worldnews,"October 19, 2017 ",1
CBS HIT JOB On New Tax Bill Backfires When Accountant Meets With Middle Class Taxpayers…Winning! [Video],"For weeks and weeks we ve heard the propaganda and DNC talking points about how President Trump was going to trick Americans with the tax cuts. Well, CBS News just lost one of their false narratives today.Despite their earnest efforts, they were forced to broadcast financial results from three families they used as representative examples of the Trump tax plan.The weeks-long media spin ran into the wall of reality: We asked an accountant to crunch the numbers for three working families to see how much they could be saving. Tony Dokoupil reports. It s safe to say that all three families were surprised at their savings. They were like so many other Americans who bought into the gloom and doom narrative with tax reform.HERE S ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF HOW BRAINWASHED PEOPLE ARE AGAINST TRUMP S TAX PLAN:Liberal college students don t care much for Donald Trump s new tax plan unless of course they re told that Bernie Sanders came up with it They can t help it They ve been taught Trump=bad Bernie=good so they know nothing else Maybe this will teach them to think for themselves Ya think?President Donald Trump s proposal for comprehensive tax reform was almost immediately dismissed as heartless and impractical by his political opponents.But what would some of those opponents think if they were told the same plan was being proposed by someone they adore Senator Bernie Sanders?To find out, we headed to George Washington University to ask students their opinions on Trump s new tax plan. WIthout much explanation, the students immediately made clear their distaste for the plan. It s not the most efficient, nor beneficial to the general populus,  said one student when asked her opinion of Trump s plan. It s better for the upper class than anyone else,  added another.After watching student after student express their disapproval of the plan, we then asked those same students what they thought of Senator Bernie Sanders  new tax plan.Immediately, they expressed excitement and support after hearing the details of the plan.The only problem for them? There was no tax plan for Senator Sanders. The plan they loved was actually President Trump s.Read more: Campus Reform",Government News,"Dec 22, 2017",0
Trump loses bid to end Trump University lawsuit before trial,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Tuesday rejected Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s pretrial bid to throw out a lawsuit brought by Trump University students who said they were defrauded by its real-estate seminars. U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel said in a written ruling that there was a “genuine issue of material fact” as to whether Trump knowingly participated in a scheme to cheat the students, who paid up to $35,000 to learn Trump’s real estate investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors. Curiel said there was extensive evidence Trump had not personally met, interviewed or selected Trump University instructors. In a July 22 hearing, Curiel tentatively denied the bid by Trump to dismiss the lawsuit in California, one of three over the defunct Trump University venture. Trump’s lawyers had argued that the lawsuit, filed in 2013 in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, should be dismissed because the New York real estate mogul, though personally involved in developing the concept and curriculum, relied on others to manage Trump University by the time the plaintiffs purchased seminars. Trump’s lawyers claimed that references in marketing materials to “secrets,” “hand-picked” instructors or “university” were sales “puffery” and there was no evidence Trump intended to defraud students. Separately, Curiel rejected an effort to make public video excerpts of Trump testifying under oath.  Trump’s lawyers had fought against the release of the excerpts, saying they would be exploited by the media and others during the presidential campaign. Trump set off an uproar in May when he accused Curiel of being biased against him because of the candidate’s pledge to build a border wall between the United States and Mexico. Curiel was born in Indiana and is of Mexican descent. ",politicsNews,"August 2, 2016 ",1
'You're fired' - Trump effigy feels the heat on UK bonfire night,"LONDON (Reuters) - He turned “You’re fired” into his reality show catch-phrase, but it was Donald Trump who went up in flames on Saturday - or at least an effigy of him did, as part of Britain’s annual Bonfire Night celebrations. An 11-metre-high (36 feet) model of the Republican U.S. presidential candidate was burned at a fireworks display in the town of Edenbridge, 30 miles (50 km) south of London. The sculpture showed Trump, complete with his trademark mop of hair, holding his Democratic rival for the White House, Hilary Clinton, in a headlock, and sporting a pair of Mexico-themed boxer shorts. “I think he would be quietly amused,” artist Frank Shepherd said of his muse.  Britain celebrates the failed attempt to blow up the Houses of Parliament in 1605 by letting off fireworks and lighting bonfires with an effigy of the “Gunpowder Plot” leader Guy Fawkes on top. The celebrations in Edenbridge also feature effigies of unpopular celebrities and in the past have included former FIFA president Sepp Blatter, former Prime Minister Tony Blair, deposed Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and disgraced American cyclist Lance Armstrong. Other contenders for this year’s choice included Philip Green, the billionaire former owner of failed retail chain BHS who is under pressure to resolve the firm’s pension problems, and Sam Allardyce who quit as England soccer manager in September, after one game in charge, after a newspaper sting. Effigies of Trump, including one of him sitting atop a Mexican border control wall, were also due to go up in smoke on Saturday at a fireworks display in the town of Lewes, 60 miles south of London. ",politicsNews,"November 5, 2016 ",1
"Romania says Britain more 'positive' on Brexit talks, so is EU","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said on Friday it was clear that British Prime Minister Theresa May was  more positive and result-oriented  after she addressed European Union leaders over a dinner in Brussels on Brexit.  If somebody says that the negotiations got stuck - they didn t get stuck,  he told reporters.  It s just that the negotiations have not fostered enough progress.   My hope is that, in the end, we will reach sufficient progress on all three chapters ... It s obvious that everybody is looking for a success story. Nobody tries to block the negotiations,  he said, adding that there was  absolutely no guarantee  both sides would arrive at a deal by December. ",worldnews,"October 20, 2017 ",1
 Trump’s Son-In-Law OBLITERATED By His Jewish Family After Defending Trump’s Anti-Semitic Tweet,"Jared Kushner, who is Ivanka Trump s husband and therefore King Donnie s son-in-law, played the good son-in-law by stepping up and boldly defending His Royal Anti-Semite s anti-Semitic tweet against Hillary, just like everyone else who thinks the whole brouhaha is just  political correctness run amok.  The problem is, he did so by invoking his Jewish grandparents  history in the Holocaust, and now his family is rightfully livid at him for it.Because really, he s going to defend an anti-Semitic image by saying his grandparents are Holocaust survivors so he knows better than the evil media what is and isn t anti-Semitic? Where has he been living that he thinks this is okay? In a bubble that s under a rock, which is deep in a cave in the middle of the Himalayas?Marc Kushner, Jared s first cousin, responded to this brown-nosing butt-fuckery with a link to Jared s op-ed, and this simple statement at the top: I have a different take-away from my Grandparents  experience in the war. It is our responsibility as the next generation to speak up against hate. Anti-semitism or otherwise. It was Jacob Schulder, another cousin, though, that really let loose on both Jared and the Anti-Semite-in-Chief with a comment that appears to have since been deleted, but that Politico still has: When an out of touch with reality nominee hires an out of touch with reality campaign manager, who is also a son -in- law, you get the BS Jared wrote. I don t think Trump is an anti Semite; I think he s a lying idiot (among other things) with little to no experiences outside his teetering fiefdom of failed development projects, divorces, bankrupted sports leagues, fraudulent  Universities  and golf courses (and the list keeps going). The very first thing a responsible campaign manager should do, I d think, and I mean the very first thing, would be to take away his father- in -law s Twitter account. Even Joseph Kushner would ve had the street smarts to figure that one out while living on boiled potatoes in the forest. Schulder went on to explain exactly how the rest of us know that this was no  accident,  and King Dunce isn t the least bit sorry, so it ll probably happen again: That my grandparents have been dragged into this is a shame. Thank you Jared for using something sacred and special to the descendants of Joe and Rae Kushner to validate the sloppy manner in which you ve handled this campaign. From the references to  Palestine  at the AIPAC conference (which got Donald jeered) to the justification of the itchy Twitter fingers your father in law has, you ve managed to further prove what so many of us have known for many years. Kudos to you for having gone this far  no one expected this. But for the sake of the family name, which may have no meaning to you but still has meaning to others, please don t invoke our grandparents in vain just so you can sleep better at night. It is self serving and disgusting. So what did he say that was so offensive? In an op-ed posted to Observer.com on Wednesday, Kushner said: [T]he worst that his detractors can fairly say about him is that he has been careless in retweeting imagery that can be interpreted as offensive. He then launched into a narrative of his grandparents  history of trying to escape the Nazis in Russia, and some of the horrors they endured while doing so. His grandmother did escape and joined a resistance cell, where she met his grandfather, who had been living in a literal hole in the ground for three years, trying to remain hidden from the Nazis. Then he said: I go into these details, which I have never discussed, because it s important to me that people understand where I m coming from when I report that I know the difference between actual, dangerous intolerance versus these labels that get tossed around in an effort to score political points. Where he s coming from? Oh, that s right, he s coming from His Royal Racism s rear end in the same manner as diarrhea. The thing is, using the Star of David in the manner of that tweet, along with the fact that it originally came from neo-Nazis, is intentionally anti-Semitic. This was no accident of ignorance in any way, shape or form, and someone with family that survived the Holocaust should know a lot better than this.But Kushner has drunk the Kool-Aid mixed by King Dunce himself, and is brainwashed into believing that the Serial-Racist-Tweeter-in-Chief can t possibly be that hateful and bigoted. With that explanation out of the way, the only one left is that the tweet was not anti-Semitic, and Trump is just a little careless.Please.Of course, a source close to Kushner says that he hasn t even spoken to these people in ten years, so they don t matter. That s a bunch of bull cookies right there. Kushner may not have spoken to them in ten years, but he invoked his history, which is their history too, in a public forum. Therefore, it matters. End of.The entire campaign is rife with broad racism, which includes anti-Semitism. Trump has a bad habit of retweeting white supremacists, including neo-Nazi groups. Kushner shouldn t be telling anybody that the anti-Semitic tweet was a mere mistake, especially not if he s going to insult his own family, and their Jewish history, in doing so.Featured image by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for FINCA",News,"July 7, 2016",0
"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 12) - Hillary Clinton, Trump Jr., Bastille Day","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad! [0619 EDT] - Remember, when you hear the words “sources say” from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist. [0632 EDT] - ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) & MS 13 gangs are being removed. [0805 EDT] - @WashTimes states “Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.” [0812 EDT] - Why aren’t the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful! [0927 EDT]  - The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V. [0939 EDT] - ""After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture."" bit.ly/2uiXGI2 [1620 EDT] - Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate & honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI. [1835 EDT] - Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA [1906 EDT] - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA bit.ly/2ugaYbl [1912 EDT]  - Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act 45.wh.gov/5L8g1q [1924 EDT]  - The 3 bills passed today by the House are important steps forward to end the horrific crime of human trafficking: 45.wh.gov/GKbrVi  [1733 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",politicsNews,"July 13, 2017 ",1
Syrian Kurdish leaders back longer U.S role in Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian Kurdish leaders voiced support on Wednesday for a longer-term role for U.S. forces in Syria once Islamic State is defeated, after the United States signalled it would not pull out before there was progress towards a political solution. Comments by U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Monday have drawn heavy criticism from the Iran-backed Syrian government, which says Washington is making up a new excuse for keeping its  illegal occupation  forces in Syria. Limiting Iranian influence in Syria and Iraq is a key U.S. aim. Syrian Kurdish groups have emerged as the main partner on the ground for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in northern and eastern Syria, areas which the Syrian state and Iran have vowed to take back. Kurdish fighters, with Arab allies, U.S. advisers and coalition jets, have driven Islamic State from swathes of territory including their former headquarters in Raqqa city. The Kurdish YPG militia and its political allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north, and now control nearly a quarter of Syria. Their influence angers neighbour Turkey, which considers the YPG an extension of the banned Kurdistan Workers  Party that has fought a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil. The main Syrian Kurdish political party, the PYD, welcomed a longer-term U.S. role in Syria. The U.S. presence should continue until there was a political solution to the Syrian crisis which erupted in 2011, it said.     In a written message to Reuters, the PYD s co-chief, Shahoz Hasan, agreed this would be beneficial.  Without achieving a political solution to the Syrian crisis, and with the continuation of the Turkish and Iranian intervention in Syria, and with the continued presence of al Qaeda groups in Syria, the continued operation of the coalition is better,  Hasan said. Senior Syrian Kurdish politician Fawza Youssef said a U.S. role would be very important for the future.  The United States and the coalition forces played a major role in fighting Daesh, and to reach a fair political settlement, we see a need for international guarantees,  said Youssef, a senior member of the Kurdish-led authority running the cantons in northern Syria. She pointed to an increase in humanitarian aid to northern Syria by Washington and the coalition since the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) captured Raqqa - a sign of a widening U.S. role. Turkey said on Monday the United States had 13 bases in Syria and Russia had five. As all sides in Syria battled Islamic State, the U.S.-backed forces have mostly avoided direct confrontation with the Syrian government, backed by Iran and Russia. But Iranian and Syrian officials are now signalling their intention to take back areas captured from IS by the SDF. Syria s main Kurdish groups say they want a federal system for the whole country, and hope for negotiations with Damascus to shore up their autonomous rule. Their territorial grip has expanded since joining forces with the United States to fight IS, though Washington opposes their autonomy plans. Mattis described this week a role for American troops long after Islamic State militants lose control of all the territory they hold.  Mattis said the U.S. military s longer-term objective would be to prevent the return of an  ISIS 2.0 . But he also suggested that U.S. forces aimed to help set the conditions for a diplomatic solution in Syria.  We re not just going to walk away right now before the Geneva process has traction , he said, a reference to U.N.-backed peace talks. The U.S.-led coalition has repeatedly said it does not seek to fight Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s military.  In response to the Mattis comments, the Syrian government said on Tuesday that Washington was presenting a new excuse to keep its forces in Syria by linking this presence to a political settlement, having previously said its goal was to fight IS. Foreign ministry comments affirmed the government s position that the presence of U.S. and other forces in Syria without government approval was an act of aggression. ",worldnews,"November 15, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: CNN Host Calls Out Trump Supporter For Urging People To Grab Their Guns If Trump Loses,"This election is already the nastiest one on record in American political history. The aftermath could end up being the bloodiest if Trump supporters follow through on their threats. If she s in office, I hope we can start a coup,  Trump supporter Dan Bowman declared at a rally earlier this month.  She should be in prison or shot. That s how I feel about it. We re going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that s what it takes. There s going to be a lot of bloodshed. But that s what it s going to take I would do whatever I can for my country. Bowman is not alone either. Many Trump supporters are simply waiting for Trump to give the word on Election Day, like this person who aimed a gun at Hillary while she was on television during the debate.This all stems from Trump s assertion that the election is rigged for Hillary Clinton and that  Second Amendment people  should do something to stop her.And right-wing radio hosts like Joe Walsh are only throwing gas on the fire. November 8th, I m voting for Trump,  the disgraced former Tea Party lawmaker wrote on Twitter before adding,  On November 9th, if Trump loses, I m grabbing my musket. You in? On November 8th, I m voting for Trump.On November 9th, if Trump loses, I m grabbing my musket.You in?  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016During an interview with CNN on Friday, Walsh claimed that he was merely calling for  civil disobedience. If I wanted people to take up arms, why would I recommend people take up an antique like a musket?  Walsh told Chris Cuomo.  I mean, seriously, in 2016 I want people to go out and find a musket, grab their musket? That s just silly. But that doesn t explain why he said everyone should grab their guns if Trump loses. A musket is, in fact, a gun and definitely implies that people should grab their guns.In fact, Walsh doesn t even care if Trump loses fair and square, he still wants people to revolt against the government with their guns. If she wins fair and square, then the anger that a lot of Americans have toward our political system   and she s part of that   we ve got to double down and triple down and do whatever we can to defend our freedom. That phrase,  grab your musket,  is a phrase I ve used probably a hundred times in the last two or three years. Cuomo didn t let Walsh get away with trying to spin his own words, however. The CNN host reminded Walsh of another tweet he posted in the wake of the killing of police officers in Dallas. Words matter, context matters,  Cuomo pointed out.  You say,  This is now war, watch out Obama, watch out Black Lives Matter punks, real America s coming after you.  You only take this one way   you take it provocatively. Trump is the master of this, and you have to now argue whether that s a good thing or a bad thing. You tell me why it s good. Walsh then dropped his  civil disobedience  spin and went straight to talking about grabbing guns and going to war against the federal government, which would be treason. Look, when I say,  grab your musket, man, and let s go to war if Hillary wins,  the Republican Party s going to be in our sights. Because all these people are pissed off again at what we believe, Chris, is a corrupt political system. Here s the video via Twitter.Former Rep. Joe Walsh: When I said grab your musket if Trump loses, I meant we need  to defend our freedom  https://t.co/lgJho3xleM  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 28, 2016Trump supporters are dangerous threats to public safety and our democracy. This nation s government needs to be prepared for the strong possibility that right-wing nuts will attempt a bloody coup or commit acts of violence wherever they are in the country in retaliation of a Hillary victory. That means President Obama should put the military and National Guard on standby. If these idiots want a war, let s see how they do against professionals who have actually been in one.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 28, 2016",0
Trump: 'I don't see a deal' with Democrats on keeping government open,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he will meet on Tuesday with the Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, to discuss keeping the government open but cited differences with them. “Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!” Trump said in a Twitter post. ",politicsNews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
UNREAL! CBS’S TED KOPPEL Tells Sean Hannity He’s “Bad for America” [Video], ,left-news,"Mar 27, 2017",0
JUST IN: CLOSE FRIEND of Hillary Clinton Who Planned To “Step Away From Politics” Found DEAD In Apparent Suicide,"Houston, Texas trial lawyer and Democrat mega-donor Steve Mostyn died on Thursday in what authorities are saying was a  suicide,  according to the Houston Chronicle. Mr. Mostyn was only 46, he left behind a wife and several children, and earlier this year had announced that he was going to be stepping away from politics to spend more time with his family.Details about how Mr. Mostyn allegedly committed suicide are slim. However, his family said that it happened after he  suddenly  became afflicted with some sort of mental illness then took his own life, although they weren t clear as to what type of mental illness he suffered from.But it is worth noting that Mr. Mostyn had never suffered from mental illness in the past, according to his family, further raising suspicions over the manner in which he died.Mr. Mostyn was a progressive powerhouse who was heavily involved in politics throughout his career. He made his fortunes off of suing insurance companies after hurricanes ravaged his state, and used his wealth to fund numerous Democrat and progressive causes, including the Super PAC  Ready for Hillary,  which he and his wife co-founded with Susie Tompkins Buell, a radical environmentalist and member of George Soros s Democracy Alliance.Mr. Mostyn s wife, Amber, was also a member of the Democracy Alliance and a close friend of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who was the keynote speaker at a 2010 Annie s List event honoring Amber. The Mostyns were close to the Clintons in general, having held numerous high-dollar fundraisers for Hillary s failed 2016 presidential run at their Houston home.Houston Chronicle  In 2012 alone, Mostyn donated $5.2 million to various pro-Democratic Super PACs ranging from Planned Parenthood to Texans for America s Future to Priorities USA Action, a pro-Barack Obama PAC, according to the Center for Public Integrity.In 2014, he and his wife donated approximately $3 million to Democratic candidates, including state Sen. Wendy Davis, who we running against Republican Greg Abbott. Davis lost. I am heartbroken,  Davis tweeted Thursday.  Texas has lost an extraordinary person. Steve was a committed and effective fighter for justice, a wonderful husband, father and friend. He leaves behind a lasting impact on everyone who s life he touched. Mostyn and his wife, Amber, were co-founders of the Ready for Hillary PAC, a political action committee supporting Clinton s unsuccessful campaign for president. At the same time, state campaign finance records show he also contributed to a police-affiliated PAC that supported Republican primary candidates.Mostyn also help fund the Texas Organizing Project and Battleground Texas, two Democratic comeback strategies for the party that has not won a statewide election in two decades. It s hard to really quantify the hole it leaves for progressives. He s probably the first true financial benefactor for progressives in Houston, and I say that because it s really different than supporting individual candidates the way trial lawyers have collectively in the past. He really supported the underlying causes, which is a different kind of take, and I m not sure that gets filled, certainly not immediately. Despite the Mostyns and the law firm s high-profile political activism   they contributed more than $1.8 million to Texas politicians in 2016   Mostyn told the Texas Tribune in a September interview that he was growing tired of almost single-handedly funding Democratic candidates in a state that was solidly Republican.He said he intended to downscale his political giving to Democrats in Texas elections to encourage others to step forward.  We ve asked other people to do it and they want to do it and I want other people to get credit for doing it,  the Tribune quoted him as saying.  I mean this is a giant, giant state, if we were trying to flip Vermont we d be done. However, their relationship came under stress in 2015, when ethics watchdog group Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT) filed a formal complaint against Hillary and her campaign for illegal coordination with the Ready for Hillary Super PAC, the Daily Caller reported. FACT has also asked the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to look into an April 21 meeting in which Clinton campaign aides attended a weekly meeting of Senate Democrats. FACT asserts that the meeting violates ruleThis wasn t the first time the Clinton and Mostyns found themselves being questioned over unethical practices. In 2010, Hillary Clinton s State Department pushed through a multi-billion dollar deal for Boeing in Russia, and just two months later the company gave nearly a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation.Just a short time later, Boeing s top lobbyist and former Bill Clinton aide Tim Keating partnered with Mr. Mostyn s Super PAC to do a joint fundraising venture for Hillary s planned presidential campaign.  America s Freedom FightersFrom FOX News   When Hillary Clinton was America s top diplomat, she also appeared at times like a top salesperson for America s biggest airplane maker, Boeing.Traveling abroad on official business as secretary of state, Clinton often visited Boeing facilities and made a pitch for the host country to buy Boeing jets. During one visit to Shanghai in May 2010, she boasted that  more than half the commercial jetliners operating in China are made by Boeing. A sales plug in Russia in 2009, though, may have proved especially fruitful. While touring a Boeing plant, Secretary of State Clinton said,  We re delighted that a new Russian airline, Rossiya, is actively considering acquisition of Boeing aircraft, and this is a shameless pitch. In 2010, Boeing landed the Russian deal, worth $3.7 billion. And two months later, the company donated $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation.This chain of events is raising new questions for Clinton, and Boeing, as the former secretary of state launches her 2016 presidential campaign. The Boeing deal only adds to a growing list of business deals involving Clinton Foundation donors now coming under scrutiny.Boeing shareholder David Almasi recently confronted CEO James McNerney about the ethics of it. That opens the door to charges of honest services fraud, that there was a quid pro quo between the Clinton Foundation, the State Department, and Boeing,  Almasi said.In prepared answers to questions posed to Boeing by Fox News, a spokesman defended the company s actions. Our contribution to the Clinton Foundation to help the people of Haiti rebuild was a transparent act of compassion and an investment aimed at aiding the long-term interests and hopes of the Haitian people,  the spokesman said. The company also pointed out that it gave the American Red Cross $1.3 million after the devastating 2010 earthquake.Clinton defenders say there is no smoking gun.  There s zero evidence that Hillary Clinton went to bat for Boeing for any reason other than to benefit the U.S. economy and U.S. workers,  said former Clinton/Gore adviser Richard Goldstein.But the financial connections don t end there. Boeing also paid former President Bill Clinton $250,000 for a speech in 2012. It was a speech that was approved by the State Department s Ethics Office   which according to an Associated Press report often approved the ex-president s speaking engagements within days.Here is a list of mysterious deaths tied to the Clinton s:1   James McDougal   Clinton s convicted Whitewater partner died of an apparent heart attack, while in solitary confinement. He was a key witness in Ken Starr s investigation.2   Mary Mahoney   A former White House intern was murdered July 1997 at a Starbucks Coffee Shop in Georgetown. The murder happened just after she was to go public with her story of sexual harassment in the White House.3   Vince Foster   Former white House counselor, and colleague of Hillary Clinton at Little Rock s Rose Law firm. Died of a gunshot wound to the head, ruled a suicide.4   Ron Brown   Secretary of Commerce and former DNC Chairman. Reported to have died by impact in a plane crash. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the top of Brown s skull resembling a gunshot wound. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated, and spoke publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecutors.5   C. Victor Raiser II and Montgomery Raiser, Major players in the Clinton fund raising organization died in a private plane crash in July 1992.6   Paul Tulley   Democratic National Committee Political Director found dead in a hotel room in Little Rock, September 1992  Described by Clinton as a  Dear friend and trusted advisor. 7- Ed Willey   Clinton fund raiser, found dead November 1993 deep in the woods in VA of a gunshot wound to the head. Ruled a suicide. Ed Willey died on the same day his wife Kathleen Willey claimed Bill Clinton groped her in the oval office in the White House. Ed Willey was involved in several Clinton fundraising events.8   Jerry Parks   Head of Clinton s gubernatorial security team in Little Rock. Gunned down in his car at a deserted intersection outside Little Rock. Park s son said his father was building a dossier on Clinton. He allegedly threatened to reveal this information. After he died the files were mysteriously removed from his house.9   James Bunch   Died from a gunshot suicide. It was reported that he had a  Black Book  of people which contained names of influential people who visited prostitutes in Texas and Arkansas.10   James Wilson   Was found dead in May 1993 from an apparent hanging suicide. He was reported to have ties to Whitewater.11- Kathy Ferguson, ex-wife of Arkansas Trooper Danny Ferguson, was found dead in May 1994, in her living room with a gunshot to her head. It was ruled a suicide even though there were several packed suitcases, as if she were going somewhere. Danny Ferguson was a co-defendant along with Bill Clinton in the Paula Jones lawsuit. Kathy Ferguson was a possible corroborating witness for Paula Jones.12   Bill Shelton   Arkansas State Trooper and fiancee of Kathy Ferguson. Critical of the suicide ruling of his fiancee, he was found dead in June, 1994 of a gunshot wound also ruled a suicide at the grave site of his fiancee.13   Gandy Baugh   Attorney for Clinton s friend Dan Lassater, died by jumping out a window of a tall building January, 1994. His client was a convicted drug distributor.14   Florence Martin   Accountant & sub-contractor for the CIA, was related to the Barry Seal Mena Airport drug smuggling case. He died of three gunshot wounds.15   Suzanne Coleman   Reportedly had an affair with Clinton when he was Arkansas Attorney General. Died of a gunshot wound to the back of the head, ruled a suicide. Was pregnant at the time of her death.16   Paula Grober   Clinton s speech interpreter for the deaf from 1978 until her death December 9, 1992. She died in a one car accident.17   Danny Casolaro   Investigative reporter. Investigating Mena Airport and Arkansas Development Finance Authority. He slit his wrists, apparently, in the middle of his investigation.18   Paul Wilcher   Attorney investigating corruption at Mena Airport with Casolaro and the 1980  October Surprise  was found dead on a toilet June 22, 1993 in his Washington DC apartment. Had delivered a report to Janet Reno three weeks before his death19   Jon Parnell Walker   Whitewater investigator for Resolution Trust Corp. Jumped to his death from his Arlington, Virginia apartment balcony August15, 1993. He was investigating the Morgan Guarantee scandal.20   Barbara Wise   Commerce Department staffer. Worked closely with Ron Brown and John Huang. Cause of death unknown. Died November 29, 1996. Her bruised, nude body was found locked in her office at the Department of Commerce.21- Charles Meissner   Assistant Secretary of Commerce who gave John Huang special security clearance, died shortly thereafter in a small plane crash.22   Dr. Stanley Heard   Chairman of the National Chiropractic Health Care Advisory Committee, died with his attorney Steve Dickson in a small plane crash. Dr. Heard, in addition to serving on Clinton s advisory council personally treated Clinton s mother, stepfather and brother.23   Barry Seal   Drug running pilot out of Mena, Arkansas, death was no accident.24   Johnny Lawhorn Jr.   Mechanic, found a check made out to Bill Clinton in the trunk of a car left at his repair shop. He was found dead after his car had hit a utility pole.25   Stanley Huggins   Investigated Madison Guarantee. His death was a purported suicide and his report was never released.26- Hershell Friday   Attorney and Clinton fund raiser died March 1, 1994 when his plane exploded.27   Kevin Ives and Don Henry   Known as  The boys on the track  case. Reports say the boys may have stumbled upon the Mena Arkansas airport drug operation. A controversial case, the initial report of death said, due to falling asleep on railroad tracks. Later reports claim the two boys had been slain before being placed on the tracks. Many linked to the case died before their testimony could come before a Grand Jury.THE FOLLOWING PERSONS HAD INFORMATION ON THE IVES/HENRY CASE:28   Keith Coney   Died when his motorcycle slammed into the back of a truck, July 1988.29   Keith McMaskle   Died stabbed 113 times, November  198830   Gregory Collins   Died from a gunshot wound January 1989.31   Jeff Rhodes   He was shot, mutilated and found burned in a trash dump in April 1989.33   James Milan   Found decapitated. However, the Coroner ruled his death was due to  natural causes. 34   Jordan Kettleson   Was found shot to death in the front seat of his pickup truck in June 1990.35   Richard Winters   A suspect in the Ives / Henry deaths. He was killed in a set-up robbery July 1989.THE FOLLOWING CLINTON BODYGUARDS ARE DEAD: 36   Major William S. Barkley Jr. 37   Captain Scott J. Reynolds 38   Sgt. Brian Hanley 39   Sgt. Tim Sabel 40   Major General William Robertson 41   Col. William Densberger 42   Col. Robert Kelly 43   Spec. Gary Rhodes 44   Steve Willis 45   Robert Williams 46   Conway LeBleu 47   Todd McKeehan48 -World-renowned  space economist  Molly Macauly was brutally murdered in Baltimore park.49-John Ashe- The former President of the UN General Assembly was awaiting trial on bribery charges when he turned up dead in June, apparently having crushed his own windpipe while lifting weights in his home 50-Victor Thorn-Prominent CLINTON Critic VICTOR THORN Found Dead Of Apparent Suicide On His Birthday51-Seth Rich-Still No Clues in Murder of DNC s Seth Rich, As Conspiracy Theories Thicken52- Joe Montano-Filipino American activist and aide to Sen. Kaine, dies at 4753-Shawn Lucas-Death of DNC Lawsuit Processor Shawn Lucas Adds to Seth Rich Conspiracy Theories54-Seth Rich-Family s private investigator: There is evidence Seth Rich had contact with WikiLeaks prior to death55-Klaus Eberwein Found Dead Before Testifying Against Clinton Foundation in HAITI COVERUP56-Man who sought Clinton s emails from Russian hackers committed suicideDoes anyone in the media wonder why everyone around the Clinton s seems to commit suicide, disappear or dies under mysterious circumstances? The Clintons are either the luckiest people in the world, or they are guilty of taking down an awful lot of people who could either rat them out or take them down. ",politics,"Nov 19, 2017",0
WHAT THE HECK! Why Was Al Gore Meeting With The Trump Team Today? [Video],"Talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of Gore s visit to Trump Tower today. Michael Savage was very disappointed but Rush Limbaugh gave the best comment: I m gonna tell you something,  said Limbaugh.  If Trump goes south on climate change, that is just gonna be deeply disappointing and alarming because of what climate change is to the left. It s everything, it s everything they want and everything they believe and it s almost everything they can get to achieve it, to accomplish it. We couldn t agree more with Rush! It s just upsetting that they would even want to speak with the phony who claims global warming is real Yikes!",left-news,"Dec 5, 2016",0
"Republican leaders condemn bigotry, but won't talk about Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress condemned white supremacist groups on Tuesday after their party’s front-runner in the presidential contest, Donald Trump, failed to disavow support for an ex-Ku Klux Klan leader, but the leaders declined further comment on Trump’s controversial White House bid. The comments from the two top Republicans in the U.S. Congress, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, came as many of the party’s lawmakers struggle to come to terms with the growing possibility that Trump will be their nominee. Trump’s policies are often at odds with those of conservatives, and his comments on the campaign trail have often been both incendiary and crude. He has racked up victories in three of the four states that have already held their nominating contests. The comments from Ryan and McConnell coincided with “Super Tuesday,” the biggest voting day in the race to pick the 2016 presidential nominees for the November election. Ryan said any Republican nominee must reject any group “built on bigotry” while McConnell said Senate Republicans condemned groups such as the Klan and “everything they stand for.” The Klan, whose roots reach back to the Civil War, is known for its segregationist, racist views. In an interview with CNN on Sunday, Trump did not immediately repudiate support from David Duke, a former Klan leader who is also a former Louisiana state representative. Trump later said he had not heard the questions well because of a bad earpiece. Both Ryan and McConnell said they did not want to weigh in further on the presidential race, something they have declined to do for months. Ryan, a former vice presidential candidate who will chair the Republicans’ national convention in July, reiterated on Tuesday he would support whomever is his party’s nominee. A number of Southern states are among the 11 states holding Republican nominating contests on Tuesday, including Virginia, and opinion polls show Trump is likely to consolidate his status as the favorite to win the nomination. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid scoffed at Ryan’s remark a few hours later. Reid said Republicans were afraid to withdraw their support publicly because the Trump “millions” might turn on them. “Republicans say they’ll support a man who refuses to denounce the Ku Klux Klan. So until they withdraw their support, talk is really cheap,” Reid said. McConnell sidestepped a question on whether it was true, as reported over the weekend by The New York Times, that he had told fellow Republicans in private that they could drop Trump “like a hot rock” if he becomes the party’s presidential nominee. McConnell said he did not recall saying anything like that to reporters. In recent days other lawmakers on Capitol Hill have become more outspoken on Trump. A handful of lawmakers have endorsed him, including Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a conservative. On Sunday evening, Senator Ben Sasse, a conservative Republican from Nebraska, announced on Facebook that he could not support Trump because his “relentless focus is on dividing Americans and on tearing down rather than building back up this glorious nation. “If Donald Trump ends up as the GOP nominee, conservatives will need to find a third option,” Sasse wrote. But in the halls of Congress on Tuesday, there appeared to be few lawmakers prepared to distance themselves from Trump who had not done so already. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who gave up his own presidential quest in December, said, “The party’s been burned and the country’s going to get burned” by Trump. To avoid this, he said, the party should consolidate around an opponent to Trump instead of diffusing the opposition among so many candidates. Trump is now one of five remaining Republican contenders. The others are Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, Ohio Governor John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Republican who had endorsed Jeb Bush before he dropped out, said lawmakers have not shied away from criticizing Trump. “That has happened continually. Many of us did it when he made comments about John McCain many months ago,” she said, referring to how Trump had mocked the military record of McCain, a Republican senator from Arizona. As a Navy pilot, McCain was shot down over Vietnam. Trump said he liked people who weren’t captured. ",politicsNews,"March 1, 2016 ",1
YIKES! Who Keeps Letting Bill Out? You Won’t Believe How He Trashed Obama/Hillarycare Again!,"If we didn t know better we d think either Bill clinton is senile or he s trying to sabotage Hillary s campaign! A not-so-slick Willie was campaigning in Goldsboro, North Carolina when he AGAIN listed the problems with Obamacare! ",politics,"Oct 27, 2016",0
Whoa! State Department Throws Hillary Under The Bus And Gives Us One More Reason NOT To Vote For Her [Video],"Yet another reason NOT to vote for this disaster of a Secretary of State!State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a press conference on Friday that Libya  has struggled  since 2011, when then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton led the charge for U.S. military intervention in the Libyan civil war. After the intervention in 2011   I think we ve all seen that Libya has struggled since 2011,  Kirby said. He pointed to the power vacuum that dictator Muammar Gaddafi s ouster created as a source of instability, and said that since 2011, violent groups like the Islamic State have filled that vacuum. We know that groups like ISIL try to use ungoverned spaces there, as they have in Syria, to try to propagate their own twisted form of ideology and violence,  he said.Kirby said that the international community is laboring to recover the security situation in Libya. There is a concerted effort by the international community to do what they can, to do what we must, to try to get at better security and stability there in Libya,  he said. ",politics,"Dec 12, 2015",0
Clinton leads Trump by 12 points ahead of Republican convention: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump trailed Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by 12 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday, making him the clear underdog ahead of next week’s Republican National Convention. Forty-five percent of likely voters supported former Secretary of State Clinton, 33 percent supported Trump, the wealthy businessman, and the remainder supported neither, according to the July 11-15 online poll. The survey showed little change from Tuesday, when Clinton had led Trump by 13 percentage points. Clinton has been ahead in the poll since early January. Trump only approached her level of support in May, after his last two remaining rivals quit the race and he became the presumptive Republican nominee. Trump’s favorability has dropped since then, as his campaign began to focus on the Nov. 8 general election. Trump has faced criticism in recent weeks over his now-defunct Trump University venture, which is accused of making false promises, and over his anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim rhetoric. The poll results were mostly gathered before Thursday night’s deadly truck attack in Nice, France, and before Trump’s announcement on Friday that Indiana Governor Mike Pence would be his vice presidential running mate. The poll results suggest that Clinton’s use of personal email for government business while secretary of state and her handling of classified information have not damaged her support among likely voters.  But other polls show a closer race.  The CBS News/NY Times telephone poll has the candidates tied at 40 percent each, while a McClatchy/Marist telephone poll has Clinton leading by just 3 percentage points, 42 percent to Trump’s 39 percent.  Trump may get a bump in the polls following next week’s convention in Cleveland, where the party is expected to rally behind him as the nominee. In 2012, support for Republican nominee Mitt Romney rose about 5 percentage points following the convention that year.  The Democratic convention is set for the following week, opening July 25 in Philadelphia. The Reuters/Ipsos poll surveyed 1,186 likely voters across the continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points. ",politicsNews,"July 15, 2016 ",1
MAYOR OF SANCTUARY CITY: Trump Trying To Make Us “Fugitive Slave Catchers” [Video], ,politics,"Apr 2, 2017",0
"NSA risks talent exodus amid morale slump, Trump fears","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Security Agency risks a brain-drain of hackers and cyber spies due to a tumultuous reorganization and worries about the acrimonious relationship between the intelligence community and President Donald Trump, according to current and former NSA officials and cybersecurity industry sources. Half-a-dozen cybersecurity executives told Reuters they had witnessed a marked increase in the number of U.S. intelligence officers and government contractors seeking employment in the private sector since Trump took office on Jan. 20.  One of the executives, who would speak only on condition of anonymity, said he was stunned by the caliber of the would-be recruits. They are coming from a variety of government intelligence and law enforcement agencies, multiple executives said, and their interest stems in part from concerns about the direction of U.S intelligence agencies under Trump.   Retaining and recruiting talented technical personnel has become a top national security priority in recent years as Russia, China, Iran and other nation states and criminal groups have sharpened their cyber offensive abilities. NSA and other intelligence agencies have long struggled to deter some of their best employees from leaving for higher-paying jobs in Silicon Valley and elsewhere. The problem is especially acute at NSA, current and former officials said, due to a reorganization known as NSA21 that began last year and aims to merge the agency’s electronic eavesdropping and domestic cyber-security operations. The two-year overhaul includes expanding parts of NSA that deal with business management and human resources and putting them on par with research and engineering. The aim is to “ensure that we’re using all of our resources to maximum effect to accomplish our mission,” NSA Director Mike Rogers said. The changes include new management structures that have left some career employees uncertain about their missions and  prospects. Former employees say the reorganization has failed to address widespread concerns that the agency is falling behind in exploiting private-sector technological breakthroughs. A former top NSA official said he had been told by three current officials that budget problems meant there was too little money for promotions. That is especially important for younger employees, who sometimes need two jobs to make ends meet in the expensive Washington D.C. area, the official said. “Morale is as low as I’ve ever seen it,” said another former senior NSA official, who maintains close contact with current employees. Asked about the risk of losing talent from NSA and other agencies, White House spokesman Michael Anton said Trump had sought to reassure the intelligence community by visiting the CIA headquarters on his first full day in office. Anton also pointed to the military spending increase in Trump’s budget proposal released on Monday.  It will likely take more than a visit to the CIA to patch up relations with the intelligence community, the current and former officials said. Trump has attacked findings from intelligence agencies that Russia hacked emails belonging to Democratic Party operatives during the 2016 presidential campaign to help him win, though he did eventually accept the findings.  In January, Trump accused intelligence agencies of leaking  false information and said it was reminiscent of tactics used in Nazi Germany. The breadth of any exodus from the NSA and other intelligence agencies is difficult to quantify. The NSA has “seen a steady rise” in the attrition rate among its roughly 36,000 employees since 2009, and it now sits at a “little less than six percent,” according to an NSA spokesman. NSA director Michael Rogers said last year that the attrition rate was 3.3 percent in 2015, suggesting a sharp jump in departures since then. Several senior NSA officials who have left or plan to leave, including deputy director Richard Ledgett and the head of cyber defense, Curtis Dukes, have said their departures were unrelated to Trump or the reorganization. Some turnover is normal with any new administration, government and industry officials noted, and a stronger economy has also improved pay and prospects in the private sector.  “During this time the economy has been recovering from the recession, unemployment rates have been falling and the demand for highly skilled technical talent has been increasing,” an NSA spokesman said, when asked to comment on the reports of employee departures. In a statement, Kathy Hutson, NSA’s chief of human resources, said the agency continues “to attract amazing talent necessary to conduct the security mission the nation needs.” Some NSA veterans attribute the morale issues and staff departures to the leadership style of Rogers, who took over the spy agency in 2014 with the task of dousing an international furor caused by leaks from former contractor Edward Snowden. Concern about Rogers reached an apex last October, when former Defense Secretary Ash Carter and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper recommended to then-President Barack Obama that Rogers be removed.  The NSA did not respond to a request for comment on the recommendation last fall that Rogers be replaced.  Rogers is now expected to retain his job at NSA for at least another year, according to former officials. Rogers acknowledged concerns about potential morale problems last month, telling a congressional committee that Trump’s broadsides against the intelligence community could create “a situation where our workforce decides to walk.”  Trump’s criticism of the intelligence community has exacerbated the stress caused by the reorganization at the NSA, said Susan Hennessey, a former NSA lawyer now with Brookings Institution.  The “tone coming from the White House makes an already difficult situation worse, by eroding the sense of common purpose and service,” she said.  A wave of departures of career personnel, Hennessey added,  “would represent an incalculable loss to national security.”  ",politicsNews,"February 28, 2017 ",1
"Banana Peel In Tree Causes Freak Out On Ole Miss Campus: ‘Hurt, frightened, and upset’","You won t believe what passes for offensive these days A BANANA PEEL! Yes, a banana peel  caused a Greek Life retreat to be cancelled at Ole Miss (University of Mississippi) Doesn t this make you wonder how these college kids will handle real life if they re triggered or offended by just about everything they come across? Wow!HERE S THE LOWDOWN ON THE OFFENDING BANANA PEEL:A Greek Life retreat at the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss) was promptly cancelled this weekend after a banana peel was found hanging in a tree. To be clear, many members of our community were hurt, frightened, and upset by what occurred at IMPACT,  Interim Director of Fraternity and Sorority Life Alexa Lee Arndt remarked in an email between Greek leaders, according to The Daily Mississippian.  Because of the underlying reality many students of color endure on a daily basis, the conversation manifested into a larger conversation about race relations today at the University of Mississippi. UNABLE TO FIND A TRASH CAN Apparently, student Ryan Swanson admitted to discarding the banana peel in a tree after he was unable to locate a garbage can, and it was later spotted by Alpha Kappa Alpha President Makala McNeil, who leads one of the campuses historically black sororities:She was walking with friends to their group session across camp when one of her sorority sisters pointed at a tree 15 feet away. She said that about six feet up the tree s trunk sat a lone, fresh-looking banana peel. It was so strange and surreal to see it there,  McNeil said.  We were all just sort of paranoid for a second. The totally innocent student who placed the banana peel in the tree has issued the standard cringing apology Oy vey! Talk about making a mountain out of a molehill: Although unintentional, there is no excuse for the pain that was caused to members of our community Meanwhile, Vice Chancellor for Diversity and Community Engagement Katrina Caldwell (pictured above) is  talking to people on campus who have some experience working across diversity to help the students process what happened. No doubt Katrina receives a six-digit salary perhaps this is a way to try and legitimize her HUGE salary. Our tax dollars subsidize this nauseating and pernicious idiocy.TO READ MORE ON THIS  TRIGGERING  EVENT: THE DM ONLINE ",politics,"Sep 2, 2017",0
CNBC DEBATE HACK Proves Allegiance To Democrat Party With This Tweet Celebrating Mass Murder,"By looking at the two Democrat presidential candidates left standing, most Americans would think their platform is primarily about the destruction of capitalism and gun control. The real truth however, is that the Democrat party knows without their unyielding support for the culture of death, they would cease to exist. The sickening truth is, they either support the killing of the most vulnerable or it s curtains for them. What does that say about how far our society has fallen when leftist TV hosts celebrate China s brutal  One Child  policy on Twitter?Quintanilla may not have been endorsing the one-child policy, but he didn t offer any overt or even implied criticism of it either. In fact, saying  it worked  sounds a lot like he is suggesting it was a success.The problem, of course, is that the one-child policy, which China converted to a two-child policy this week, was a brutal, harrowing invasion of the human rights of millions of families under the guise of national policy. Since 1979, an estimated 13 million women a year underwent abortions, many of them forced to do so by government officials. Another 200 million women were sterilized under the same policy.https://twitter.com/carlquintanilla/status/659734982915657728These practices mostly went unseen and unnoticed in the era before social media and digital cameras. In 2012, the world got to see the result of this policy on one young woman when her family members posted an image of her lying next to her dead baby after she d been forced to have an abortion.The young woman, Feng Jianmei, already had one child; so after she became pregnant again, family planning officials called her house to persuade her to have an abortion. When that failed, they showed up at her home and spent hours pressuring her for consent. Jianmei slipped out of the house but was followed by a group of 15 officials to her aunt s house. After briefly escaping and hiding under the bed of a relative, Jianmei was found by the government officials and was reportedly carried out by four men.Here is the horrible story about forced abortions in China and their victims:Meanwhile, family planning officials were negotiating with Jianmei s husband. At first they demanded $15,000, but then dropped the birth planning fee to around $5,000. In any case, it was more than he could raise. Finally, Jianmei was forced to give consent by having her thumbprint placed on a form and was injected with a drug that killed her baby. Her family posted this image, which went viral, of Jianmei with her dead daughter. For criticizing the government, government officials led a march denouncing her family as  traitors,  and her husband was beaten.And that nightmare is not the only kind of suffering caused by the policy. Those who dared to violate the policy had to keep their secret children out of sight of government officials. As the Washington Post reported last month, the consequences of getting caught were severe: It was terrifying if you had an over-quota child,  my father says now.  If the government knew, you would be in trouble. People would come to your house, remove all your grains and do anything they could to you. And sometimes, they d destroy your house. My mother recalls:  Even for a new house, they d get on the roof, rip it apart and bulldoze the entire house. We had to keep moving and hiding. It was really painful for us. We knew it wasn t a long-term solution. The one-child policy was a decades long campaign of forced abortion, extortion, sterilization, and terror that traumatized hundreds of millions of people. Saying  it worked  seems like an odd way to sum up such a policy. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Oct 31, 2015",0
Trump and Cuba should start dialogue: Mississippi governor says,"HAVANA (Reuters) - The Trump administration and the Cuban government need to start a dialogue, the Republican governor of Mississippi said on Wednesday during a trip to the Communist-led island to scout trade opportunities for his state. “That’s the first step: trying to get that dialogue going in a very positive manner,” Phil Bryant said in an interview, adding that he had found his trip “encouraging.” Cuba watchers are looking closely for signs of how President Donald Trump will deal with the country, given he threatened during his campaign to roll back the fragile detente between the Untied States and Cuba, former Cold War foes.  The White House is undertaking a “full review” of America’s foreign policy toward Cuba, press secretary Sean Spicer said in February. The governor, who had just met with Cuba’s trade minister, said it was key “not let too much of the political conditions in the United States become overwhelming.”  “Sometimes people have a narrative of Mississippi as if it’s 1960s, and it’s not, and it’s not the 1960s in Cuba,” he said, citing changes like growth of private businesses. Former U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro stunned the world in December 2014 when they announced the United States and Cuba would restore diplomatic ties after more than half a century of hostility. Even with a U.S. embargo preventing most trade with Cuba,   Mississippi already exports authorized products to the island such as frozen poultry and healthcare products, according to the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council. There was room to increase that trade and as establish exchanges in healthcare and research, including perhaps bringing Cuban doctors to the Mississippi Delta, said Bryant. ",politicsNews,"April 20, 2017 ",1
Airport video shows North Korean embassy official with Kim Jong Nam murder suspects,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A North Korean embassy official and a manager of Air Koryo, the national airline, met suspects wanted for the killing of Kim Jong Nam shortly after the murder, according to video recordings shown at the trial in Kuala Lumpur on Monday. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong from Vietnam, and four men who are still at large, have been charged in the murder of the half-brother of the country s leader, using banned chemical weapon VX at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. Defense lawyers have said Siti Aisyah and Huong were duped into thinking they were playing a prank for a reality TV show. The four suspects, who were caught on airport camera talking to the women before they attacked Kim Jong Nam, were identified as North Koreans for the first time on Monday, a month since the trial began. Three of them were seen meeting a North Korean embassy official and the Air Koryo official, both unidentified, at the main airport terminal within an hour of the attack, lead police investigator Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz told the court. North Korea has vehemently denied accusations by South Korean and U.S. officials that Kim Jong Un s regime was behind the killing. Kim Jong Nam, who was living in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule of North Korea and his brother had issued a standing order for his execution, some South Korean lawmakers have said. Footage played in the courtroom showed the Air Koryo official helping the three suspects at an airport check-in counter. He was later seen arranging a flight ticket for the fourth suspect too, Wan Azirul said. Wan Azirul identified the men as North Koreans Hong Song Hac, Ri Ji Hyon, Ri Jae Nam and O Jong Gil, citing intelligence findings by the special branch of the Malaysian police. Wan Azirul said he investigated and took statements from both the embassy and the Air Koryo official.  They explained that the reason they were there was to assist every North Korean individual or citizen who boarded a flight to leave the country,  he told the court. The North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur did not respond to Reuters  telephone calls and emails to seek comment.   The sensational murder unraveled once-close ties between Malaysia and North Korea.  Malaysia was forced to return Kim Jong Nam s body and allow the return home of three North Korean men wanted for questioning and hiding in the Kuala Lumpur embassy, in exchange for the release of nine Malaysians stuck in Pyongyang. Wan Azirul said police intelligence also provided information on a fifth suspect identified as Ri Ji U, who was also  suspected to have the real name James , based on images and photographs taken from Siti Aisyah s phone. (The story was refiled to remove article  an  in paragraph one.)    ",worldnews,"November 6, 2017 ",1
"Boiler Room EP #125 – Live From the Swamp Train with FunkSoul, Randy J, Patrick Henningsen","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Funk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE Contributors), and Patrick Henningsen (21WIRE) for the 125th episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing Hurricane Irma, weather modification, the off the charts levels of so called political correctness in Washington DC as reported live by Sunday Wire s Patrick Henningsen, establishment are still actively pushing lies about the war in Syria, the good/bad/ugly business of  disaster relief charities,  reactionaries still blaming Hurricane Harvey on climate change, the repeal of DACA and the challenges for the left and the right to have any sort of beneficial dialog about immigration realities, platforms and policies in the environment of media driven, knee jerk, emotionally charged politicization of the topic.Direct Download Episode #125Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",US_News,"September 8, 2017",0
" Elizabeth Warren Supporter Purchases ‘Pocahontas’ Domain, Trolls Donald Trump","As Elizabeth Warren amps up her attacks on the Donald Trump and his fraudulent university (and V.P. rumors are abuzz), the GOP nominee has decided to write her off simply as  Pocahontas,  echoing attacks from Scott Brown s campaign made over a controversy that looms over the Massachusetts senator.But like Hillary Clinton with her  delete your account  comment, a Warren supporter is trolling the  loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud  (Warren s words) by purchasing the domain site Pocahontas.com and linking it back to her Senate campaign website.It s the ultimate trolling. After calling her  the Indian,  Republicans have yet again been put into an awkward situation with Trump s blatant racism. According to the Washington Post, some Republican lawmakers such as John McCain and Tom Cole (who is Native American) are uncomfortable with the rhetoric while some, including Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Roger Wicker of Mississippi, are brushing it off as  good humor. Trump s comments also caused ire with weary Republicans at Mitt Romney s summit in Utah, where mega-donors like Meg Whitman compared the Republican nominee to Hitler and Mussolini due to his racist rhetoric.Considering the fact that Hillary Clinton is ahead of Trump in five new national polls, it would make sense that the orange racist with tiny hands would go after Elizabeth Warren, who may very well be Clinton s running mate. In fact, at a rally, Trump again referred to Warren as  Pocahontas  while his supporters responded with fake Indian war chants.Totally not racist, right?So please, if you can, type in Pocahontas.com and consider donating to Elizabeth Warren (she ll be needing it if she decides to join Hillary Clinton in making history).Trump s racist rhetoric is catching up to him, and people can see it. Clinton and Warren are also getting under his skin. Instead of promising good policy, Trump has devoting all his time to comebacks on Twitter.If this how the campaign will unfold, get ready for a Clinton landslide.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"June 11, 2016",0
 President Obama Ends His Presidency With 75 Straight Months Of Job Creation,"As President Obama prepares to leave office, he leaves behind a stunning, historical legacy: 75 months of continuous job growth, a record not seen since 1939.That s right, President Obama has overseen a feat not matched since at least 78 years ago. While the Bush Administration lost millions of jobs (800k a month in 2008), the Obama Administration has created over 2 million in 2016 alone, and a whopping 11.3 million over the course of his presidency.Because of the hard work and dedication of this man, 11.3 million more Americans can rest easier at night knowing they have employment in a recovering economy.The unemployment rate, which peaked at 10 percent in October 2009, has slipped down to 4.7 percent, as of December 2016.Not only have millions of Americans been put back to work, the average American saw their earnings rise almost three percent in the last year alone, the largest increase since President Obama took office in 2009.As the final weeks come to a close, the President can look back and know that he built this   and never wavered in that promise.While the Republicans called his signature achievements   Obamacare, the auto bailout, Wall Street reform   job killing programs, the facts speak for themselves. Rhetoric v. results.It s amazing, really. The only President s that have managed this kind of economic growth   to this magnitude   are Presidents Obama and Roosevelt, both of whom are Democrats.After listening, for 7 years, to John Boehner and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell exclaim  Where are the jobs!?  we can finally lay it out of them, in black and white: 11.3 million. Thanks for your  help. Barack Obama, the job-creating president, will be handing over the keys to Donald Trump. The facts laid out above should not be forgotten. After years of unprecedented obstruction, nothing would be more unjust than to give credit, no matter how slight, to Donald Trump.Featured image via Winn McNamee/Getty Images",News,"January 7, 2017",0
" Sorry, Trump! Hillary Says ‘A Lot’ Of Republicans Are Practically BEGGING To Help Her Win (VIDEO)","Throughout Donald Trump s entire campaign cycle, many conservatives have spoken out against the business mogul/reality television star and expressed their opposition to his candidacy. However, now that his competition is out of the race and Trump is the Republican party s presumptive nominee, right-wingers are desperately seeking a way to make sure Trump doesn t further ruin America. For many of them, this means supporting Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton by any means possible.On CBS  Face The Nation, Clinton revealed that over the past few days   basically ever since it became clear that Trump will likely be representing the GOP in the general election   she s been getting  a lot  of Republicans asking to help her campaign. Many of these conservatives are passionate #NeverTrump voters who would rather abandon their party and vote blue in the election than vote one of the most terrible people in the United States into the White House.During the interview, John Dickerson asked Clinton how she plans to handle conservatives who are still  skeptical,  but embracing the idea of voting for her.Clinton simply replied that she is not only more than qualified to be the next President, but has a  track record of getting results.  The former Secretary of State said: I am asking people to join this campaign and I ve had a lot of outreach from Republicans in the last days who say they are interested in talking about that. You can watch the interview below:The speed at which Trump has pulled the Republican party apart is impressive to say the least. We could have predicted that some conservatives would be jumping ship by the party s reaction when Trump was first announced as the party s presumptive nominee. The sheer rage from conservatives was priceless   many of them not only burned, tore up or destroyed their voter registrations cards by other measures, but many changed their party entirely. So while Trump has risen amongst his own supporters for being more vulgar and offensive than ever, he is only helping to unify the rest of the country   against him.Featured image via Justin Sullivan / Getty Images",News,"May 9, 2016",0
MEGHAN MCCAIN Cut-Off After Saying the Florida Shooter was “Flagged by the FBI” [Video],"It clear that common sense isn t what these hens want to hear. Common sense would tell anyone that the FBI dropped the ball with the Florida shooter. watch as Meghan McCain is shut down after making the best argument for how the Florida shooting could have been avoided:Meghan McCain got cut off on  The View  Friday after telling her co-hosts that the Florida school shooter was  flagged by the FBI  and nothing happened.The comment came during a discussion about gun control following the deadly shooting Wednesday in Parkland, Florida, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School after a 19-year-old man opened fire at school killing 17 people, including teachers and students before being taken into custody.Daily caller reports: The argument from NRA members and Second Amendment supporters is much like abortion. Not a lot of trust on both sides for compromise,  McCain explained.  I m like okay, we can talk about assault weapons. That being said, I know people who own them who obviously aren t mass murderers. They re hunters and use they them for target practice and hunting. And it s like if you give a mouse a cookie then we are going to go to..it s a slippery slope going forward. Much like abortion, It s so emotional on both sides, I think it s hard for people on both sides to have faith that we can meet in the middle. With all due respect you didn t grow up in gun country,  McCain explained.A short time later, McCain said no one is in support of people with mental illness having guns and that this shooter was flagged by the FBI and  still nothing happened. ",politics,17-Feb-18,0
3 “MIDDLE EASTERN” Men Arrested For GANG RAPE Of Swedish Woman Broadcasted LIVE On Facebook,"Three men in Uppsala have been arrested on suspicion of rape after they raped a young woman and sent it live on Facebook, just as it was warned about would happen when Facebook introduced the feature.The arrest was made during a police action shortly after nine o clock in the morning.  They were arrested between nine and nine fifteen. The alert came in at 8:24, says Uppsala police officer, Ivan Aslund, to the Swedish news outlet Fria Tider.On Flashback, the men accused of the rape are identified as Middle Easterners. The rape was conducted at an address in Uppsala, and the men filmed themselves and sent the assault live via Facebook.According to a person who saw the live broadcast, the woman who was raped looked  quite intoxicated  and appeared  completely dead  while one of the men molested her. Several people alerted the police when they saw the film.The live broadcast on Facebook was not stopped until the police stormed into the room where the woman and the men were. The men will now be interrogated by the police.  Before prosecutors can make a decision, the policemen have to document everything, a complaint, write down observations and conduct interviews with those who have something to say. Once that is done, they will present it to the prosecutor, so it takes time, says Aslund.He is otherwise very secretive about the investigation and would not say anything about the rape that was sent live worldwide on Facebook from the new Sweden.The last transmission shows the police breaking into the apartment and arresting the rapists:",politics,"Jan 23, 2017",0
Gulf states advise citizens against traveling to Lebanon,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Three Gulf states advised their citizens against traveling to Lebanon on Thursday and asked those already there to leave as soon as possible, amid rising tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran over Lebanon and Yemen. The official Saudi Press Agency, citing an official Foreign Ministry source, said the kingdom was asking citizens who were visiting or residing in Lebanon to leave as soon as possible.  Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates also warned nationals against travel to Lebanon via official news agencies later in the day. Bahrain had urged its citizens to leave Lebanon on Sunday. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri resigned on Saturday while in Saudi Arabia, accusing Iran and the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah of sowing strife in Arab states and saying he feared assassination. On Thursday, two top Lebanese government officials accused Riyadh of holding Hariri captive. A third told Reuters that the Saudi authorities had ordered Hariri to resign and had put him under house arrest. Saudi Arabia and members of Hariri s Future Movement have denied reports that he is under house arrest. The Saudi minister for Gulf affairs has accused Lebanon of declaring war against the kingdom, and alleged that the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah was involved in firing a missile at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Saturday. Hezbollah s parliamentary bloc called on Saudi Arabia on Thursday to stop interfering in Lebanese affairs.  French President Emmanuel Macron announced that he would make a previously unscheduled trip to Saudi Arabia on Thursday to see Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and discuss  regional questions, in particular Yemen and Lebanon . ",worldnews,"November 9, 2017 ",1
Clinton says Trump campaign likely guided Russians before U.S. election,"RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton said on Wednesday she suspects President Donald Trump’s campaign gave guidance to Russian government propaganda efforts during last year’s U.S. presidential campaign, leveling her most serious charge yet against the person who defeated her. The former Democratic presidential candidate, appearing at a tech conference near Los Angeles, said propaganda spread on sites such as Facebook helped cost her the election, and she urged Silicon Valley firms to move faster to stop false stories. Trump has said there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. Echoing assessments of U.S. intelligence agencies, Clinton said the Russian government wanted to spread disinformation about her. But she added they “could not have known how best to weaponize that information unless they had been guided.” “Guided by Americans?” asked Walt Mossberg, a technology journalist interviewing Clinton on stage. “Guided by Americans and guided by people who have polling and data,” she responded.  Clinton was pressed by another journalist on stage, Kara Swisher, who asked: “But you’re leaning Trump?” “Yes, I think it’s pretty hard not to,” Clinton said. She said there had been a “marriage” of people who spread false stories with Republicans who had detailed voter data.  It appeared to be the first time Clinton had accused Trump of collusion with Russians. Earlier this month, she blamed Russian hackers and then-FBI Director James Comey for costing her the election.  In a Twitter post on Wednesday night, Trump responded: “Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC.” In her appearance on Wednesday, Clinton slammed Trump’s ability to create distractions using Twitter. “It’s the circus, right? It’s what a classic authoritarian does,” she said. Trump’s administration has been dogged in its first months by allegations his associates had inappropriate contacts with Russian government officials. A special counsel, former FBI Director Robert Mueller, was appointed to lead an investigation after Trump fired Comey. Moscow has denied meddling in the U.S. election. Clinton mentioned Facebook by name, saying the social media network was flooded with false information about her and that people were understandably misled. She said she would like to see Facebook curate its network more aggressively.  “I have a lot of sympathy at this point ... for people trying to make these decisions. I would just urge them to hurry up,” she said.  Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said in November it was “crazy” to think that fake news on the site had influenced the election. Beginning in December, Facebook began introducing tools to try to prevent fake news stories from spreading. Clinton said that in targeting voters online, she was at a disadvantage because the Republican Party provided Trump with an extensive database, through an organization called the Data Trust, that Democrats did not have. “I inherited nothing from the Democratic Party,” she said. “I mean, it was bankrupt. It was on the verge of insolvency. Its data was mediocre to poor, nonexistent, wrong. I had to inject money into it, the DNC, to keep it going.” ",politicsNews,"May 31, 2017 ",1
SHOCKING GESTAPO TACTICS: P*ssed Off Patriot Removed From Delegate List For Supporting Trump [VIDEO], I ve been a lifelong Republican all of my life. I m ashamed to call myself a Republican. https://youtu.be/MVc_hIKFmmE,politics,"Apr 11, 2016",0
Scores of migrants rescued in Cyprus after boat runs aground,"NICOSIA (Reuters) - Around 175 migrants, including many women and children, were rescued off Cyprus on Friday after their boat ran aground, police said. The vessel was tracked sailing off Cyprus s north-west coast. Authorities said those on board were being escorted to a nearby harbor. The nationality of the migrants and their port of departure were not immediately clear. In September, more than 300 Syrian refugees arrived in the same area, a patchwork of jurisdictions that borders on the ceasefire line splitting Cyprus between Greek and Turkish Cypriots, with a United Nations  buffer zone  in the middle. The waves of migrants fleeing neighboring Syria have largely skirted the island, but there has been an increase in landings in recent months. Earlier on Friday, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said 850 people had made illicit landings in Cyprus so far this year, compared with 345 in 2016.     ",worldnews,"November 3, 2017 ",1
"U.S. sanctions North Korean missile experts, Russia offers to mediate","WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - The United States announced sanctions on two of North Korea s most prominent officials behind its ballistic missile program on Tuesday, while Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tension between Washington and Pyongyang. The new U.S. steps were the latest in a campaign aimed at forcing North Korea - which has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions - to abandon a weapons program aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States.  Treasury is targeting leaders of North Korea s ballistic missile programs, as part of our maximum pressure campaign to isolate (North Korea) and achieve a fully denuclearized Korean Peninsula,  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement. The move followed new United Nations sanctions announced last Friday in response to North Korea s Nov. 29 test of an ICBM that Pyongyang said put all of the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. Those sanctions sought to further limit North Korea s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. North Korea declared the U.N. steps to be an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. The standoff between the United States and North Korea has raised fears of a new conflict on the Korean peninsula, which has remained in a technical state of war since the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty. The United States has said that all options, including military ones, are on the table in dealing with North Korea. It says it prefers a diplomatic solution, but that North Korea has given no indication it is willing to discuss denuclearization. The U.S. Treasury named the targeted officials as Kim Jong Sik and Ri Pyong Chol. It said Kim was reportedly a major figure in North Korea s efforts to switch its missile program from liquid to solid fuel, while Ri was reported to be a key official in its intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) development.  The largely symbolic steps block any property or interests the two might have within U.S. jurisdiction and prohibit any dealings by U.S. citizens with them. With their ruling Workers Party, military and scientific credentials, the men are two of three top experts considered indispensable to North Korea s rapidly developing weapons programs.   Photographs and television footage show that the men are clearly among North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s favorites. Their behavior with him is sharply at variance with the obsequiousness of other senior aides, most of whom bow and hold their hands over their mouths when speaking to the young leader. Ri is one of the most prominent aides, and likely represents the Workers Party on the missile program, experts say. Born in 1948, Ri was partly educated in Russia and promoted when Kim Jong Un started to rise through the ranks in the late 2000s. Ri has visited China once and Russia twice. He met China s defense minister in 2008 as the air force commander and accompanied Kim Jong Il on a visit to a Russian fighter jet factory in 2011, according to state media.  Kim Jong Sik is a prominent rocket scientist who rose after playing a role in North Korea s first successful launch of a rocket in 2012. He started his career as a civilian aeronautics technician, but now wears the uniform of a military general at the Munitions Industry Department, according to experts and the South Korean government.  Many other details, including his age, are not known. On Tuesday, the Kremlin, which has long called for the United States and North Korea to negotiate, said it was ready to act as a mediator if the two sides were willing for it to play such a role.  Russia s readiness to clear the way for de-escalation is obvious,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters. Asked to comment on the offer, a spokesman for the U.S. State Department, Justin Higgins, said the United States  has the ability to communicate with North Korea through a variety of diplomatic channels , and added:  We want the North Korean regime to understand that there is a different path that it can choose, however it is up to North Korea to change course and return to credible negotiations.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, who made a similar offer on Monday, told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call on Tuesday that  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  and beefing up of its military presence in the region had heightened tension and was unacceptable, his ministry said.  Lavrov underscored the need for  the fastest move to the negotiating process from the language of sanctions , it said. Another U.S. State Department spokesman, Michael Cavey, said Washington remained open to talks, but the onus was on North Korea  to take sincere and meaningful actions toward denuclearization and refrain from further provocations.  South Korea s Unification Ministry forecast on Tuesday that North Korea would look to open negotiations with the United States next year while continuing to seek recognition as a de facto nuclear power. The United States has stressed the need for all countries, especially Russia, and China - North Korea s main trading partner - to fully implement sanctions, including by cutting off oil supplies.  According to Chinese customs data, China exported no oil products to North Korea in November, apparently going above and beyond U.N. sanctions imposed earlier in the year. China also imported no North Korean iron ore, coal or lead in November, the second full month of those trade sanctions, the data showed.  China has not disclosed its crude exports to North Korea for several years, but industry sources say it still supplies about 520,000 tonnes, or 3.8 million barrels, a year to the country via an aging pipeline. North Korea also sources some of its oil from Russia. Trade between North Korea and China has slowed through the year, particularly after China banned coal purchases in February. Chinese exports of corn to North Korea in November also slumped, down 82 percent from a year earlier to 100 tonnes, the lowest since January. Exports of rice plunged 64 percent to 672 tonnes, the lowest since March. ",worldnews,"December 26, 2017 ",1
U.S. says no official demand from Philippines to pull out special forces,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. State Department spokesman, commenting on remarks by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday calling for the withdrawal of U.S. special forces from a southern island, said Washington had not officially received such a demand. State Department spokesman John Kirby told a news briefing that he had seen reports about Duterte’s comments, but “we are not aware of any official communication by the Philippine government ... to seek that result.” The United States is committed to its alliance with the Philippines, he added. ",politicsNews,"September 12, 2016 ",1
"Venezuela talks to resume in January after government, opposition fail to reach deal","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s government and opposition leaders will hold a new round of talks in January after failing on Friday to reach an agreement to ease a deep political and economic crisis in the troubled OPEC country. Expectations have been low for the talks being held in the Dominican Republic. Some critics have described them as a stalling tactic by the ruling Socialist Party which is struggling to control a worsening economic crisis.  We will meet again on January 11 for a meeting with the Venezuelan opposition,  said Information Minister Jorge Rodriguez, leader of the government delegation, in a brief statement released by state television. Opposition leaders are demanding that President Nicolas Maduro accept humanitarian assistance from abroad to ease the crisis, which has left millions of people unable to eat properly due to triple-digit inflation and chronic product shortages.  They also want the release of several hundred jailed opposition activists. Government leaders want the opposition to help seek the elimination of sanctions by Washington, which have been levied this year by the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump on accusations that Maduro is undermining democracy. An initial round of talks two weeks ago in the Dominican Republic also ended without a agreement.     We want an agreement that can be fulfilled,  said opposition legislator Luis Florido.  Because we have not concluded discussion of all the issues, we need another meeting so that there can be a permanent agreement.  ",worldnews,"December 16, 2017 ",1
BILL O’REILLY EMBARRASSES Megyn Kelly…Publishes Letters She Wrote Thanking Him For Being A “Dear Friend” and For “Years” of Support After She Bashed Him On Her Flailing NBC Morning Show [VIDEO],"Megyn Kelly is quite possibly the least popular host on television. She s also quite possibly one of the highest paid hosts on one of the lowest rated morning shows on television. In her desperate attempt to do just about anything for ratings, the very unlikeable host went after Fox News and the former top-rated host Bill O Reilly. Was Kelly s on-air letter an attempt to jump on Hollywood s anti-sexual harassment bandwagon? Was she hoping to endear herself to a more left-leaning audience, since she clearly has no hope of ever regaining the conservative fans she lost when she attacked then-candidate Trump during a FOX News hosted GOP primary presidential debate? The NBC News host made the reveal before welcoming former Fox News host and O Reilly accuser Juliet Huddy onto her Monday talk show.Former Fox News host Juliet Huddy spoke out for the first time about her accusations against Bill O Reilly and what women face when going up against a corporation on Monday s Megyn Kelly Today.During an opening segment about this weekend s report of new sexual harassment revelations against O Reilly, former Fox News host Kelly revealed that she, too, had complained about O Reilly s behavior. She said she understands the roadblocks women see when speaking out about sexual harassment, something an emotional Huddy explained as  You are just this one person about to go up against a machine. It s daunting and frightening and it holds you back from taking action sometimes. Earlier this year, the New York Times reported that Huddy said O Reilly pursued a sexual relationship with her in 2011 and that when she rebuffed his advances he tried to derail her career. Allegations included O Reilly calling Huddy repeatedly, sometimes sounding as if he were masturbating, and after asking her to return a key to his hotel room, he appeared at the door in his boxer shorts. In exchange for her agreement not to sue, she was paid a sum in the high six figures, though 21st Century Fox and O Reilly said her allegations were false.To open the show, Kelly made public for the first time a letter (below) she wrote to the co-presidents of Fox News about O Reilly, displaying the note she sent to Bill Shine and Jack Abernethy during the top of her show while discussing this weekend s Times report about a new sexual harassment settlement made by O Reilly. Fox News was not exactly a friendly environment for harassment victims who wanted to report, in my experience,  Kelly said.  However, O Reilly s suggestion that no one ever complained about his behavior is false. I know because I complained. Not so fast Megyn Bill O Reilly immediately revealed 2 handwritten letters from Megyn Kelly where she gushed all over him and how much she appreciated him on his website:My former FNC colleagues Megyn Kelly & Gretchen Carlson wrote me notes when we worked together. You can read them on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C  Bill O'Reilly (@BillOReilly) October 23, 2017Here are Kelly s letters to O Reilly: O Reilly even took it a step further and released a letter from sexual harassment accuser and former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson:Here is Carlson s letter to O Reilly:Bill  Thank you for being the calm in the sea.Thank you so much for supporting me.Thank you for being my friend.It means the world to meGC[Gretchen Carlson]Megyn immediately got hammered on Twitter after O Reilly released her letters to him. This tweet is from NYC radio talk show host Mark Simone:Yet Megyn Kelly forgets to mention that NBC covered up the Harvey Weinstein story for a year. Must have had another hard break.  MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) October 23, 2017A desperate Megyn Kelly tries a Hail Mary pass to save her ratings disaster show: https://t.co/54BhadCVH2  MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) October 23, 2017This is NOT Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, but the Twitter user who goes by the name of  Rex Tillerson  landed a knockout punch to the former top-rated Fox News host.Ahh, the sweet sound of Megyn Kelly diving off the cliff of relevance & gradually disappearing into the abyss of obscurity.  Rex Tilllerson (@RexTilllerson) October 23, 2017Megyn Kelly has only sexism card left in playing the victim for relevancyThanks for playing, megyn, you're cancelled  #MondayMotivation  PinkAboutIt   (@Pink_About_it) October 23, 2017 ",left-news,"Oct 23, 2017",0
Brazil's Meirelles has hired media team ahead of 2018 election: sources,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles has hired social media experts to boost his image ahead of the 2018 election, three sources told Reuters on Wednesday, the strongest sign yet that the former banker is seriously eyeing a run for president. Meirelles hired analysts linked to the Get lio Vargas Foundation (FGV) think tank to study his social media presence on a daily basis and build a communication plan, said one of the sources. The sources requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.  They have been working for Meirelles for more than three months, two of the sources said. The Finance Ministry s press office declined comment on Meirelles behalf.  The finance minister s potential candidacy adds to political uncertainty ahead of a presidential election marked by a strong anti-establishment climate and a lack of clear favorites.  Meirelles, praised by investors for leading a market-friendly agenda of economic reforms, would have to leave his post by April, six months before the election, and could face a wide field of competitive candidates in a first-round vote. One of the analysts hired by Meirelles works alongside the ministry s official communication team in Brasilia, although the FGV team has not received any public funds for supporting his potential candidacy, two of the sources said.  The team includes Thomas Traumann, a former spokesman for impeached President Dilma Rousseff, according one of the sources and another person familiar with the matter. Traumann confirmed to Reuters that he had consulted for Meirelles under private contract since 2015, but he did not work for the Finance Ministry. He declined to comment on potential preparations for next year s presidential race. The Finance Ministry said FGV has offered consultancy on social media to the ministry as part of a 40-year-long initiative of institutional support, without any connection to the 2018 campaign. A  ministry spokeswoman, who asked not to be named in accordance with ministry policy, said it had no relationship with Traumann. FGV said it had not signed a contract with the Finance Ministry or Meirelles. Reuters reported late in August, citing a source close to Meirelles, that Meirelles wanted to run for president but knew he would have a strong chance only if the economy improved substantially after two years of recession.  Congressmen from his Social Democratic Party (PSD) last month heard from Meirelles that he felt honored to have his name floated as a potential candidate. Other potential candidates from within President Michel Temer s fragmented coalition include the governor of Sao Paulo state, Geraldo Alckmin, and Sao Paulo Mayor Joao Doria. Meirelles opened a Twitter account in June to publicize his actions as minister and has recently left the door open for a potential candidacy, saying he would take a decision on the race by April. About 2 percent of voters have declared their intention to vote for him, according to a recent Datafolha poll.  A civil engineer by training, Meirelles is the former president of BankBoston, which was eventually acquired by Bank of America Corp, and a former president of Brazil s central bank. ",worldnews,"October 4, 2017 ",1
IS FOX ABOUT TO BECOME CNN? Leftist Wives Of Liberal Murdoch Sons Blamed For Firing Of Bill O’Reilly…TRASH Trump On Social Media,"It is difficult to exaggerate the significance of Fox News sacking of Bill O Reilly.Not only was he the single most dominant public figure in America s vast conservative media environment, his removal signals the growing power of James and Lachlan Murdoch in the world s most powerful media empire, their father Rupert Murdoch s 21st Century Fox.O Reilly was dismissed overnight following allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. It has been reported that Lachlan s wife Sarah Murdoch helped influence the decision. Last year the former Fox News creator, Roger Ailes, was sacked in similar circumstances, going on to advise Donald Trump s presidential campaign.O Reilly has been a towering figure in American politics and culture since Murdoch and Ailes began to build the conservative Fox News channel and its identity around him in 1996. His evening talk program, The O Reilly Factor, was combative and trenchantly conservative, setting the tone for the entire channel, which soon came to dominate cable news and, in turn, the entire American news landscape. In January 2014, Fox News marked its 145th consecutive month as the No.1 rated cable news channel in the US. Sydney Morning HeraldJames Murdoch s wife works for the Clinton Climate Initiative. She is an outspoken hater of President Trump on Twitter and much of her hate is directed at his refusal to accept that man-made climate warming cooling change is settled science. Here are a few examples of the hate she spews for Donald Trump on Twitter:Clean energy jobs for many Americans or dirty energy money for a few polluters- this shouldn't be a hard choice. https://t.co/pdX6CPEYJm  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 19, 2017Enough of President Bannon. President Jarvanka preferable.  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 5, 2017""An angry reflex in search of an idea"" sums up a lot https://t.co/sof1ZB4paw  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) March 28, 2017Bill O Reilly spent a considerable amount of time on his top rated show debunking phony man-made climate-change. Hmmm could there be a connection the #1 host on Fox News who had the ability to influence millions of people and his firing?New York Magazine s Gabriel Sherman, who has broken a string of stories about the changing of the guard inside Fox, wrote that, as allegations mounted against O Reilly, Rupert Murdoch wanted to stand by the host, while Lachlan and James wanted to sack him.The Murdochs  decision to dump O Reilly shocked many Fox News staffers I ve spoken to in recent days. Late last week, the feeling inside the company was that Rupert Murdoch would prevail over his son James, who lobbied to jettison the embattled host. It s still unclear exactly how the tide turned. According to one source, Lachlan Murdoch s wife helped convince her husband that O Reilly needed to go, which moved Lachlan into James s corner. The source added that senior executives at other divisions within the Murdoch empire have complained that if O Reilly s allegations had happened to anyone else at their companies, that person would be gone already.Has it actually been proven that Bill O Reilly is guilty or is America to believe that just because Rupert Murdoch s liberal sons (and/or their wives) want O Reilly gone that he is indeed guilty?Hollywood Reporter   Last July, after Gretchen Carlson sued the Murdoch-controlled 21st Century Fox and Roger Ailes, the then-head of Fox News Channel, for sexual harassment, Rupert Murdoch told his sons, both Ailes enemies, that paying off Carlson without a fight would mean more lawsuits. Easy-money settlements always bring more claims. James and Lachlan Murdoch, however, were eager to get rid of their nemesis, and the most direct way to do that was to accept Carlson s claims after a quickie investigation and then use a big payoff   $20 million   to end the dispute and calm the storm.Nine months later, the chickens coming home to roost, Fox has continued to collect a string of look-alike claims against Ailes and against ratings giant Bill O Reilly, with a firestorm of recent press attention on what The New York Times is calling the  O Reilly revelations.  What has been revealed is not evidence nor an admission of guilt but details of payments settling complaints against O Reilly   not a small distinction. You can assume maximal guilt, which the Times and other Fox haters do, or you can assume, as many lawyers do, that when there is money to be had, plaintiffs come out of the woodwork. ( Coming out of the woodwork  is a virtual term of art in big settlement tort cases).Murdoch Senior is said to be saying,  I told you so.  James, CEO of 21st Century Fox, is blaming it on the Fox News culture and has hired Paul Weiss, the same law firm that performed a two-week investigation of Ailes, to probe O Reilly (there is, too, a Department of Justice investigation of how settlement payments were made, which Rupert dismisses as DOJ liberal politics and which his sons see as indicating more Fox News dark arts). This is a reflection of greater family and company interests and conflicts. For 86-year-old Rupert, Fox News is a key part of his legacy, as well as the family company s health: the most profitable news outlet ever ($1.5 billion in profits this year) and among the most influential. For James, 44, and Lachlan, 45, the hope is to reshape this legacy, to move Fox away from what they see as its retro, Trump-style views toward, well, something nicer (and to do this profitably, they hope, somehow).It s a particular sort of irony that Fox, which, to the delight of its audience, built itself on rejecting liberal assumptions, might now be brought down by such a signature liberal assumption: Where there are charges of sexual harassment, there is sexual harassment. It s a kind of zeitgeist power play. After President Trump went out of his way to support O Reilly on April 5, The New York Times, which left little doubt that it accepted the truth of the allegations, noted  the president has a particular rapport with Mr. O Reilly, whose hectoring braggadocio and no-apologies nostalgia for a bygone American era mirror Mr. Trump s own. This is a curious view considering Trump won the presidency, and O Reilly is the highest-rated cable news host and, to boot, one of the best-selling authors in the country. So, more accurately, it may only be a bygone era for The New York Times and the liberal order that so furiously opposes and links Trump and Fox. But the cultural upper hand is a mighty one   and sexual harassment has become an issue so fraught, it largely precludes debate. Hence, advertisers are now fleeing O Reilly   seeming to make a moral judgment, but, practically speaking, just avoiding controversy (few, if any, have left the network entirely).Your narrative is your fate. It doesn t matter if O Reilly or Ailes did or didn t do the things they are accused of   no trial has occurred, no evidence has been released, no investigators  conclusions shared   their real guilt is that people believe they could have.Confusing matters, the Murdoch sons also see O Reilly and Ailes as part of a bygone era   their father s. Pay no attention that it was precisely this sensibility that has been such a powerful audience draw at Fox. (Of note, to the lasting outrage and confusion of liberals, Trump, despite the bygone era suggested by his Billy Bush  pussygate  tape, was elected anyway.) The Murdoch sons, while in important ways financially supported by the profitable, culturally backward views at Fox, see their job as taking the company into a new era.The sons  plan was to make Fox the network of Megyn Kelly rather than of Ailes and O Reilly. That plan foundered on widespread resentment at the network toward Kelly for her part in Ailes  ouster and on the election of Trump. Suddenly, Fox s  when America was great and men were men  appeal was even stronger.Murdoch Senior has remained largely remote from this dispute, but he reportedly has been paying attention again. He is said to be worried that his sons are moving toward a radical break    re-imagining Fox,  is what James is said to call it   and hastening the end of an era that, in television terms, so far has been more popular and unyielding than any cozier new one.",left-news,"Apr 20, 2017",0
 Unhinged Ann Coulter Blames ‘Fat Girls’ For Trump Protests,"While this election was undeniably (from one side) meaner and more divisive than perhaps ever before, most elections do become mean and divisive, but the winning party usually calls for unity while the losing party licks its wounds.Non-Trump voting Americans are licking their wounds in their constitutionally (for now) protected way, by protesting. The media, of course, generally only reports on the worst of the protesters, while less attention has been paid to the rising violence and hate crimes from Trump supporters.Trump had this to say about the protests:Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016One Trump supporter (and perhaps the worst person in the entire f*cking world) has strong opinions about the protests. Instead of blaming them on the usual suspects, like those who have darker skin, Ann Coulter is blaming the protests on  fat girls.  Yes, really.Without fat girls, there would be no protests. pic.twitter.com/Qmd7XE0CJC  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) November 10, 2016I guess marching around waving signs is some exercise, but they also need Atkins. pic.twitter.com/ZmQ62nh44n  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) November 10, 2016Fortunately, sanity prevailed, even on Coulter s Twitter feed:. @AnnCoulter My jaw is dropped. HOW ARE YOU THAT EVIL/MEAN/RUDE? May you never have a daughter or even be around children.  alison becker (@thealisonbecker) November 11, 2016@Kengine @AnnCoulter I don t support attacking her looks either, just so know evil as she may be. AND SHE IS EVIL.  alison becker (@thealisonbecker) November 11, 2016@AnnCoulter WOW this tweet. It must be misery living inside your skin.  mariannegarvey (@garveyshuffle) November 11, 2016@MELANIATRUMP looks like your cyber bullying campaign needs to begin NOW @AnnCoulter  Sarah Solemani (@Solemani) November 11, 2016@AnnCoulter are you kidding me? What kind of hateful woman are you? Fat shaming people for voicing their opinions. Shame on you.  Plastic Martyr (@plasticmartyr) November 11, 2016Trump s basket of deplorable supporters came out in full force to defend their evil queen:@AnnCoulter pic.twitter.com/2VKNYZsNVp  ((( )))ZEALOT (@duchess1201) November 10, 2016@AnnCoulter @AlbionAwakes fearful of a trump presidency we may have to grow up & get jobs ?  Mr. Big (@gaptooth28) November 10, 2016@gaptooth28 @AlbionAwakes @AnnCoulter JOBS is a four letter word to these people. The Rust Belt wants them but these yahoos forget it  UN-Deplorable AB (@on_the_gulf_2) November 10, 2016Trump supporters, listen up, you won. We admit it. We (for the most part) aren t claiming the election was rigged (unless you count the FBI and WikiLeaks), but win in grace you a**holes, not that Trump supporters and especially Coulter have any idea what grace is.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"November 12, 2016",0
"Icahn praises Trump economic plan, says candidate will get blue-collar vote","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said on CNBC on Tuesday that Donald Trump is “right on about the economy” and said “the Archie Bunker of the world” will vote for the Republican presidential candidate. Archie Bunker, a fictional conservative blue-collar worker from the New York City borough of Queens, was the main character in the 1970s television comedy “All in the Family.” Icahn praised Trump’s economic plan a day after the New York real estate developer unveiled it in a speech in Detroit. Trump proposed sweeping tax breaks, cuts to federal regulations and a revival of the stalled Keystone XL project. Bunker has been described as the show’s “lovable bigot,” but Icahn said there was no bad intention in comparing middle-class voters to the character. “Any middle-class worker, you know, ‘the Archie Bunker of the world’ - that was a great show, I used to watch it - those guys are going to vote for him because those are smart guys,” Icahn said.  “They know they are getting screwed, and that is what I think will happen,” Icahn said in an apparent reference to the decline in U.S. manufacturing, a theme of Trump’s. “Archie Bunker is a middle-class guy, somewhat educated even, that doesn’t know where his next check is coming to send his son or daughter to school, doesn’t know if he’s going to keep his job. ... Why the hell should he vote for a system that is not giving him a good-paying job?” Icahn said. Icahn echoed his remarks on CNBC on Twitter, saying, “Trump is right on about our economy. A capitalistic system cannot exist if government is at war with business. CEOs rightly so are afraid to invest in new equipment, etc. to make our manufacturing competitive.  “It is no surprise that today it was announced growth in productivity was down for the 3rd straight quarter and is at an all-time low. Our workers cannot be productive with ‘worn out tools’.”    The Labor Department reported that U.S. nonfarm productivity unexpectedly fell in the second quarter, pointing to sustained weakness in the economy. Trump’s speech came after a week of falls in opinion polls and clashes with the family of a fallen U.S. Muslim soldier and fellow Republican leaders. Icahn said he did not defend Trump’s remarks about the family of soldier Humayun Khan, calling them a “mistake. People make mistakes.” Asked by CNBC why Icahn was not named to Trump’s group of economic advisers, Icahn said he wanted to focus on a new Super PAC. Last week, Icahn’s general counsel, Jesse Lynn, told Reuters that Icahn turned down an invitation to join the group because the investor is considering funding a Super PAC focused on regulatory reform. It would be Icahn’s second Super PAC. ",politicsNews,"August 9, 2016 ",1
BREAKING: US SUPREME COURT RULES King Obama Overstepped Authority…Executive Amnesty For 5 MILLION ILLEGAL ALIENS/ Democrat Voters Not Going To Happen,"Don t let the door hit ya B..b..but who will beat up innocent Trump supporters? The assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. With the flick of a pen just before Thanksgiving in 2014, President Obama ordered that nearly five million illegal immigrants be allowed to  come out of the shadows  and work legally in the United States.Standing at the same lectern where he had announced the death of Osama bin Laden three years earlier, Mr. Obama insisted in a speech to the nation that his plan for immigrants was a fully legal response to a Republican-controlled Congress that had refused his plea for an overhaul of the nation s immigration laws.But on Thursday, the Supreme Court disagreed. In a 4-to-4 decision, the justices let stand a lower court ruling that Mr. Obama had overstepped his authority. The decision freezes the president s actions for the balance of his term, leaving the future of the program   and millions of undocumented workers   in limbo.Mr. Obama campaigned vowing to win passage of comprehensive immigration legislation in his first year in office, but the Supreme Court defeat will force him to finish his term without securing the major progress he had promised to millions of Latino immigrants living under the threat of deportation.Instead, one of the president s chief immigration legacies will be the years of increased enforcement he ordered at the border with Mexico and in immigrant communities, hoping it would lead to a compromise with Republicans. The aggressive actions of immigration agents and local law enforcement, especially during Mr. Obama s first term, angered many family members separated by raids and deportations.Mr. Obama did earn praise from Hispanics for taking action in 2012 to help the so-called Dreamers, young undocumented immigrants who had been brought to the United States as small children. Under the president s program, more than 730,000 of them received documents allowing them to work legally without constant fear that they might be sent home.Hillary Clinton, who embraced the president s executive action programs, has said she would expand them. The court s actions could complicate her ability to do that if she is elected president in the fall.But the successful legal assault on Mr. Obama s actions may also yield some political benefits for Mrs. Clinton and Democrats by helping to motivate and energize Hispanic voters who are angry with the court s decision. Activists have promised to punish Donald J. Trump and other Republicans who opposed the president s actions by registering more Hispanic voters and getting them to vote. Mr. Trump s rhetorical assault on immigrants, especially Mexicans, is also likely to help energize Hispanic activists on behalf of Mrs. Clinton and other Democratic candidates.The court s action comes after nearly eight years of largely futile attempts by the president to make good on his promise.Mr. Obama had resorted to executive actions in 2014 after years of fighting to get Congress to act. In 2013, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration overhaul that the White House said the president could support. But House Republicans blocked any consideration of the legislation, accusing the Senate and Mr. Obama of supporting amnesty for the millions of illegal immigrants already in the United States.For most of his presidency, even Mr. Obama said he did not have the power to act unilaterally. He repeatedly told Hispanic activists that he could not use the  Dreamers  program as a model to expand similar protections to a much larger pool of illegal immigrants. If we start broadening that, then essentially I ll be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally,  Mr. Obama told Jose Diaz-Balart in an interview in September 2013, after it was clear that House Republicans were blocking the Senate s immigration measure.  So that s not an option.    NYT",Government News,"Jun 23, 2016",0
THE 1 PERCENTER BABY: Chelsea’s Daughter Is Clearly Not One Of Those ‘Everyday People’ Her ‘Dead Broke’ Granny Is Championing,"But then again, with all of the cash flowing into the Clinton  Slush Fund  from foreign countries no designer should be out of reach for any member of the Clinton crime syndicate Becoming a grandmother has made Hillary Clinton think long and hard about what kind of world she wants to leave behind for future generations a world in which every American will have the same opportunities as nine-month-old Charlotte Clinton-Mezvinsky. In Hillary Clinton s America, for example, every infant child will be swathed in the hippest fabrics from the hottest celebrity fashion barons.The Daily Mail reports:Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton remembered late family friend Oscar de la Renta in a touching tribute at Monday night s CFDA Awards, and revealed that he sent her newborn daughter a special dress soon before he died, which she believes is likely one of the last pieces he ever designed.Chelsea, 35, spoke at the celebrity-packed fashion event about some of her favorite memories of the beloved designer, whom she had known since her father, former US President Bill Clinton s years in the White House.In her speech, she revealed how Mr. de la Renta boosted her self esteem with a dress he sent her as a teenager   and made her daughter Charlotte  one very lucky little girl  by sending her a dress of her own before he passed away.The elite fashion designer, who passed away last year, also designed the stunning dress Hillary wore to Chelsea s wedding ceremony in 2010. It was during a stay at de la Renta s beachfront mansion in the Dominican Republic that Hillary decided to run for president in 2016 as a champion of  everyday Americans. This entry was posted in Politics and tagged Chelsea Clinton, Hillary Clinton. Bookmark the permalink.Via: WFB",left-news,"Jun 3, 2015",0
Georgia governor to veto religious protection seen as anti-gay,"ATLANTA (Reuters) - Georgia Governor Nathan Deal said on Monday he will veto a so-called religious freedom bill passed by the state legislature that has drawn national criticism for discriminating against same-sex couples. The measure, which states that no pastor can be forced to perform a same-sex wedding, was recently passed by the Republican-controlled legislature.  Under the bill, faith-based groups could not be forced to hire or retain an employee whose beliefs run counter to the organization’s, while churches and religious schools would have the right to reject holding events for people or groups to whom they object. Deal, a Republican, said he could not support the legislation, which had drawn wide criticism from corporations and had triggered threats of a state boycott by the entertainment industry. Deal said he was not bullied into his decision but felt a law was not necessary. “I do not think that we have to discriminate against anyone to protect the faith-based community in Georgia,” Deal said at news conference on the legislation, noting his religious faith. Similar bills in states such as Indiana and Arkansas sparked storms of criticism last year, forcing many lawmakers to retreat, and North Carolina is currently seeing protest over a new law that bars transgender people from choosing bathrooms consistent with their gender identity. Deal’s decision was immediately celebrated by gay rights advocates, including the national Human Rights Campaign. “Our message to Governor Nathan Deal was loud and clear: this deplorable legislation was bad for his constituents, bad for business, and bad for Georgia’s future,” HRC President Chad Griffin said in a statement. He added that Deal had “set an example for other elected officials to follow.” Mike Griffin, spokesman for the Georgia Baptist Convention, which lobbied for the bill, said his group’s 1.3 million members will continue fighting for it. “All we wanted was protection from government overreach,” he said, noting his disappointment in Deal, a two-term governor. “We feel that he’s let down the people of faith and all of Georgia by not signing the bill.”  Critics of the legislation included marquee Hollywood stars, such as Anne Hathaway and Julianne Moore, as well as movie and TV studios 21st Century Fox, NBC Universal, Time Warner, Walt Disney, AMC, Viacom and Marvel Entertainment. More than 300 large corporations and small businesses, including Delta Airlines and Coca Cola also came out against it.  “Georgia is a welcoming state,” Deal said. ",politicsNews,"March 28, 2016 ",1
" White House Admits How Trump Made Paris Deal Decision, It’s Really Disturbing (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s disastrous decision to take the United States out of the Paris climate deal was met with loads of criticism, as this will have devastating consequences for the entire planet.As several world leaders have already openly condemned Trump s decision, the backlash is about to get a whole lot worse once every finds out just what motivated Trump to reach this decision. According to EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, Trump made this decision based on one thing only, simplifying a complex matter to a kindergartener s level of reasoning: whether it was  good or bad.  Pruitt told reporters at a press briefing: The discussions that the president and I have had over the last several weeks have been focused on one key issue. Is Paris good or bad for this country? The President and I focused our attentions there. He determined it was bad for this country, and hurt us economically. It didn t achieve good environmental outcomes, and he made the decision to reject the Paris deal. We all knew Trump had the temperament of a child, but apparently, his decision-making process is just as bad. Trump has no idea what the hell he s doing, and so he looks to others to give him over-simplified answers to serious issues that will have a massive impact on our world. Such matters shouldn t require a yes/no, good/bad answer. They must be examined and carefully thought out   which Trump clearly has not taken the time to do.With this decision, Trump has solidified the fact that America will no longer be a global leader, as other countries shun the United States thanks to its incompetent, orange dictator. Trump has proven that the only thing he is capable of is ruining things. He s been extremely successful in devastating America, so now he is taking on the planet.You can watch the White House report on Trump s childlike decision-making process below:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",News,"June 2, 2017",0
 Mainstream Media Completely SILENT As Obamacare Makes Yet Another Historic Achievement,"President Obama made history yet again by making the rate for Americans without health insurance reach another historic low. However, you wouldn t know about it because virtually none of the mainstream media have talked about it on any level.Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index was updated on April 7th with new data for the first quarter of 2016. The statistics have now been released, and it shows that the uninsured rate for American adults dropped to 11 percent, which is the lowest ever recorded in the poll s history.This unmitigated success has followed a trend since the third quarter of 2013, which is the last one before the Affordable Care Act s mandate for health insurance took effect.The graph below shows the virtual bottoming out of the uninsured rate. Considering where we were as a nation only three years ago, coupled with the stubborn resistance of many in complying with the new requirements, the results are simply amazing.Not only are the results on the uninsured rate historic overall, but the largest benefits are among African-Americans, Hispanics, adults under 34 years of age, and adults making less than $36,000 per year. If Republicans really want to  repeal every word of Obamacare  as they promise to do, it would literally make their party go extinct. Young and minority voters will be lost to Republicans for a generation or more, and doom them extinction.The Republican  plan  during the 2016 election has been more of the same. Repeal, repeal, repeal   with no plan to replace as usual. However, there has been a lot less talk of repeal as of late. Even Ted Cruz, who could have  I will repeal every word of Obamacare  chiseled on his tombstone, has been strangely silent on the issue. Votes to repeal have seemed to be drying up, and you hear hardly a peep coming from Senate Republicans on the matter these days.Perhaps the GOP has finally reached the last stage of grief   acceptance.Featured image via Getty",News,"April 15, 2016",0
Factbox - Republicans cut side deals to push through U.S. Senate tax bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans made last-minute changes to their tax bill to secure enough votes to pass the sweeping legislation on Saturday and move on to negotiations this week on a final measure with Republicans in the House of Representatives. The deals enabled leadership to get four wavering Republican senators on board with the legislation by addressing issues such as deductions for state and local property taxes and the tax treatment of so-called pass-through enterprises.  Republicans also agreed to changes to help pay for the deals, including higher tax rates on the repatriation of U.S. corporate profits held overseas.   Following are some of the changes:  STATE AND LOCAL PROPERTY TAXES: Senator Susan Collins got Senate Republican leaders to include a federal deduction for up to $10,000 in state and local property taxes in the legislation, which eliminates a similar deduction for state and local income and sales taxes. The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, or JCT,  estimates that the change will mean the loss of an additional $148 billion in federal revenue over the next decade, compared with a legislative proposal approved earlier by the Senate Budget Committee.   PASS-THROUGHS: Under pressure from Senators Ron Johnson and Steve Daines, Senate Republican leaders increased to 23 percent from 17.4 percent a deduction for the owners of pass-through enterprises including small businesses, S-corporations, partnerships and sole proprietorships. JCT estimated revenue loss versus earlier legislative proposal: $114 billion.     FULL EXPENSING: Senator Jeff Flake, who had been a holdout over deficit concerns, agreed to vote “yes” after Republican leaders did away with an abrupt end to the full business expensing of capital investments after five years. Instead, the bill phases out full expensing in 20 percent increments over four years, beginning in year six. Flake said Congress would not have been able to suddenly eliminate full expensing and that benefit would have been left to bleed red ink for years to come.  JCT revenue loss estimate versus earlier legislative proposal: $34 billion.   MEDICAL EXPENSES: Collins also added language to reduce the threshold for deducting unreimbursed medical expenses for two years to 7.5 percent of household income from 10 percent.  JCT estimated revenue loss versus earlier legislative proposal: $4.6 billion.  RETIREMENT SAVINGS: Collins persuaded Republican leaders to retain catch-up contributions to retirement accounts for church, charity, school and public employees. No immediate JCT revenue impact estimate.   INDIVIDUAL ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX: Republicans rescinded an earlier provision to repeal the individual AMT but increased exemption amounts and phase-out thresholds to make the tax less onerous. JCT estimated revenue gain versus earlier legislative proposal: $133 billion over a decade.   REPATRIATION: Senate Republicans increased tax rates on the repatriation of U.S. corporate profits held overseas to 14.5 percent for liquid assets and 7.5 percent for illiquid holdings, up from 10 percent and 5 percent, respectively. JCT estimated revenue gain versus earlier legislative proposal: $113 billion.  CORPORATE ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX: Republicans decided to retain this tax, after initially proposing its repeal. JCT estimated revenue gain versus earlier legislative proposal: $40.3 billion. ",politicsNews,"December 3, 2017 ",1
Pressure on as Xi's 'Belt and Road' enshrined in Chinese party charter,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping s vast  Belt and Road  infrastructure project was unexpectedly included in the ruling Communist Party s constitution on Tuesday, giving it greater policy heft and added pressure to succeed. The party s amended charter, approved at the close of its twice-a-decade congress, pledged to  pursue the Belt and Road initiative , a further sign of Xi s expanding power and evidence that the ambitious  Silk Road -like initiative will endure beyond Xi s tenure. It also underscores how the Communist Party has increased its attention to foreign policy and reflects Xi s growing desire for China to take a global leadership role, analysts said.  Everyone knows that the Belt and Road is very important to Xi, it has his personal stamp and authority,  said Peter Cai, a non-resident fellow at Sydney-based think tank Lowy Institute.  But to have major policy, especially an external engagement policy, to be written into a party constitution, at least in recent memory, it is something quite significant,  he said. First mentioned during a speech Xi gave to university students in Kazakhstan in 2013, the plan is a vehicle for China to take a greater role on the international stage by funding and building global transport and trade links in more than 60 countries. Xi has heavily promoted the initiative, inviting world leaders to Beijing in May for an inaugural summit at which he pledged $124 billion ( 94 billion) in funding for the plan. Local Chinese governments as well as state and private firms have rushed to offer support by investing overseas and making loans.  Some critics argue that China is exporting excess industrial capacity to spread its influence, and that the initiative, which has seen developing countries take on heavy debt, needs higher standards of governance and transparency.  China has made commitments and pledges to many developing countries and it will take that length of time, 10 years or more, to complete the initiative,  said Rajiv Biswas, Asia Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit.  This has also strengthened China s soft power globally, so it wouldn t make sense for China s point of view to suddenly pull away from all of this,  he said.   Other analysts said its inclusion could be a double-edged sword that adds pressure for the initiative, which remains broadly defined and leaves much to interpretation, to succeed.  The danger of having given it greater visibility is that actually there are going to be more of those efforts to play to the policy in a political way rather than considering carefully the costs and benefits of each portion of what one is doing,  said Dali Yang, a professor at the University of Chicago. Many private investors have jumped on the bandwagon to describe their projects as Belt and Road-related, while local governments have rolled out individual Belt and Road plans.  The heads of Chinese firms including China Communications Construction Co and China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation [SASAAI.UL] told Reuters during the week-long congress that they would place greater focus on developing their overseas businesses in support of the Belt and Road initiative. The party congress saw Xi cement his power ahead of a second five-year term and put him in the same company as the founder of modern China, Mao Zedong, with the enshrinement of his political thought into the country s constitution. ",worldnews,"October 24, 2017 ",1
 Racist Conservatives Wish Sasha Obama A Happy 15th Birthday: ‘Hope U Get Raped’ (SCREENSHOTS),"Friday was Sasha Obama s 15th birthday. All around the nation, people sent her warm birthday wishes as the media admired her evolution from the President s adorable child to a smart, classy young lady. To make the day even more special, it was also the day her big sister Malia graduated from high school, something that was largely celebrated across the nation as the eldest First Daughter prepares to go to Harvard after a gap year.Even conservatives got in on wishing Sasha a happy birthday   though their greetings were of a very different nature to those most shared. Right-wing trash dispensary and ridiculously-named Facebook page, The Resistance: The Last Line of Defense, posted a question for their racist, uneducated, Trump-loving followers. A photo of Sasha was accompanied by the words,  What message do you have for Sasha Obama on her birthday? To start off the social media lynching, the conservative propagandists added the message,  I know what Id tell ANY Obama I came face to face with. Following like lemmings, the Stupid Part of America obliged, doing what they were told. They shared what they would love to say to a teenage girl not yet old enough to drive, whose father happens to be President of the United States. Though she has never embroiled herself in any controversy, said anything negative to anyone, and is  a fucking teenager, the horrible people who follow that page unleashed their hatred, calling her a  spoiled brat,  demanding that she  go back to Kenya  (where she is certainly not from), ordering her out of the White House, calling her a monkey,  and even suggesting that she be raped.              I took a moment to speak with one of the page administrators about the post. It went pretty much how you d expect. I opened with a nice, super-professional greeting and a simple query about the post. The administrator responded with complete nonsense, asked me a question, then blocked me:This isn t the first time Sasha Obama has been a target of Right-Wing hate. In 2013, conservatives circulated a disgusting Photoshopped picture showing President Obama with his hand down Sasha s pants.This was widely circulated, with the creator and friends even providing  evidence  that Barack Obama was stupid enough to molest his daughter, in public with cameras rolling, in front of the rest of his family.It is unknown why conservatives do the things that they do, but one thing is important to remember: all of these people will be voting for Trump in November. Will you be there to vote blue?Featured image via screengrab",News,"June 10, 2016",0
HE’S NEVER SOLD AN ORIGINAL PAINTING UNTIL NOW…And This One’s Going In The White House,"Here s how McNaughton describes the painting:Against the background of a darkening sky, all of the past Presidents of the United States gather before the White House, as if to commemorate some great event. In the left hand corner of the painting sits a man. That man, with his head bowed appears distraught and hopeless as he contemplates his future. Some of the past Presidents try to console him while looking in the direction of the modern Presidents as if to say,  What have you done?  Many of these modern Presidents, seemingly oblivious to anything other than themselves, appear to be congratulating each other on their great accomplishments. In front of the man, paper trash is blowing in the wind. Crumpled dollar bills, legislative documents, and, like a whisper the U.S. Constitution beneath the foot of Barack Obama.THE FORGOTTEN MAN Go to www.jonmcnaughton.comVia: Conservative Treehouse",politics,"Nov 12, 2016",0
 WATCH: Here’s What It Sounds Like When People Try To Excuse Rape,"The nation is once again having a conversation on sexual assault after a former Stanford student was sentenced to only six months in jail after being convicted of sexually assaulting a 23-year-old woman. The slap on the wrist sentence is just one example of what seems like infinite examples of how society doesn t take sexual assault seriously enough.One of the most common ways that people contribute to this problem is by making excuses for the sexual assailant s actions. A recently released video lampoons those who try to blame the victims of sexual assault by changing the crime committed to murder.The video features two animated individuals discussing the recent murder of a man named James at a large party near their campus. Here is a snippet of how the conversation goes: What was he wearing though? What? You know how he wears all of those V-neck t-shirts? Yeah but I m just saying if you don t want to get stabbed in the neck consider wearing a turtle neck sweater or something. As ridiculous as that statement sounds, it s one that happens on a daily basis across the United States. One of the classic excuses that often come up during these conversations is that the victim of sexual assault  was asking for it  because of the clothes that they wear. Other excuses include the victim s consumption of alcohol, what they were doing at the time, and who they were doing it with.When people come at victims with these excuses, it does nothing but send a message that it is okay to sexually assault someone else. It creates a culture of acceptance of sexual violence. The victim of a crime is never to blame for the actions of the person who made them a victim.No one would ever blame a murder victim for their own murder and no one should ever blame a victim of sexual assault for their assault.You can watch the video in full below.Featured image via video screenshot",News,"June 11, 2016",0
BREAKING: You’ll Never Guess Where These Pictures Found On Cop Killer’s Facebook Page Were Taken,"An Obama foot soldier in his divisive war on America A Missouri man who shot and killed a Kentucky state trooper during a traffic stop Sunday was an apparent Black Lives Matter sympathizer who protested in the days after the shooting death of Michael Brown last year and attended the 18-year-old s funeral, social media posts show. Joseph Thomas Johnson-Shanks, 25, shot Kentucky State Police Trooper Joseph Cameron Ponder after a high-speed chase on Interstate 24 at around 10:30 p.m. local time Sunday.Johnson-Shanks fired into Ponder s cruiser at the end of the 10-mile chase, striking and killing the rookie trooper.Johnson-Shanks fled the scene but was found in a rural area Monday morning. He was shot and killed after failing to comply with officers  commands to drop his weapon, law enforcement officials said.  Johnson-Shanks is from Florissant, Mo., a St. Louis suburb near Ferguson, where Brown was fatally shot by police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9, 2014.A Facebook account that appears to belong to Johnson-Shanks shows that he took part in the protests that followed the shooting. Pictures show him adopting the  hands up, don t shoot  pose which became the rallying cry following the shooting. All pictures are from the Jay MileHigh Facebook page.Johnson-Shanks can be seen here in pictures found on his Facebook page sharing a limo during what appears to be thug, Michael Brown s funeral. Apparently, the death of a thug calls for a limo ride and selfies  Via: Daily Caller And of course, no race hustling funeral for a thug would be complete without Obama s Race Czar, the  Reverend  Al Sharpton ",politics,"Sep 14, 2015",0
LATE NIGHT HOST Goes Low In Anti-Trump Rant With ‘Homophobic’ Slur [Video],"COLBERT   LANGUAGE WARNING! This late night host is one angry dude! He does everything he can to try and rip on President Trump but it comes off as cold and just mean spirited.The disgusting rant at the end of his monologue has backfired on him .his homophobic slur was in poor taste and very offensive to just about everyone within earshot. You can even tell the audience was shocked when he said it. If this was said about anyone else, Colbert would be in hot water but this is against Trump so it s ok. Isn t that pitiful How low can Colbert go? Not much lower Stephen Colbert unleashed a torrent of anti-Trump jokes on his show Monday night, ending with a c*ck-in-Trump s-mouth jab. The 12-minute tirade was dedicated to the 100-day mark in Trump s presidency, and Colbert went after Trump with a vengeance. The jokes included,  The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s c*ck holster. Go to the 11:13 mark for the rant   language warning:READ MORE: TMZ",politics,"May 2, 2017",0
 GOP Senator Whines Because Notre Dame Students Weren’t Nice Enough To Uber Bigot Mike Pence,"It s no secret that Donald Trump s second-in-command, Mike Pence, is a bigot. He first rose to national prominence amid a sea of scandal over a sweeping law that he signed as governor of Indiana that was clearly designed to discriminate against LGBTQ people. In fact, the law was so terrible that the state s largest newspaper, the Indianapolis Star, devoted an entire front page to a message to Pence:  FIX THIS NOW. After that, Pence s approval ratings plummeted, and it became clear that there was no way he could get re-elected, even after soliciting the help of the Koch Brothers, and therefore became Trump s running mate instead.Now, since Pence s bigotry is so well known, he is generally not well received at events where people have objections to overt discrimination against marginalized groups of people. To that end, it should come as no surprise that the graduates at Notre Dame walked out when Pence spoke at their commencement. Of course, Pence s fellow bigoted Republican senator, Tom Cotton, is fuming that the students had the gall to stand up for what they believe in. Cotton told NBC News via a statement: It is especially unfortunate that students walked out of the vice president s speech on Sunday   because if any young people needed to hear how important freedom of speech is to our country, it would be them. I think the vice president deserves credit for speaking out on the spread of intolerance at college campuses   and I know he deserved better treatment than what he received this weekend. No, Senator Cotton, Pence deserved exactly what he got, and then some. It s really pretty simple: If Pence wants people to stop treating him like a bigot, he needs to stop acting like one. This is a man who regularly and openly expresses hatred against any group of Americans who aren t just like him   and makes the laws to match. Tell me, sir, if this were an overt racist or anti-Semite speaking at commencement, would you be defending that person as well?Didn t think so. Bigotry is bigotry, and Mike Pence exudes it in spades. Hopefully, he is humiliated like this everywhere he goes until he simply refuses to appear in public again.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",News,"May 22, 2017",0
"JUST IN: Former DNC Chair Donna Brazile Accuses Hillary of CHEATING To Win Election, Laundering Money Through DNC…Drops Major BOMBSHELL About “CANCER” Barack Obama","After months of lying about passing debate questions to Hillary before the presidential debate that was hosted by her employer, CNN, the former DNC Chair Donna Brazile, finally came clean. During an interview with Trevor Noah of the Daily Show, Brazile arrogantly excused her dishonest behavior by telling Noah: Well, first of all, I didn t have my hands in the cookie jar. I m an operative, I m a strategist, and part of what my role was, in addition to being a  political pundit,  was to help advance the cause of justice and equality Today s a new day, however, and Donna Brazile has decided to emerge from the shadows to promote her new bombshell, tell-all book that is sure to ruffle a few feathers in the Democrat Party Her book is about the chaos at the DNC during the 2016 campaign. On Thursday, she revealed a section of it at Politico. What emerges from the excerpt is a picture of Brazile as a heroine (of course), Hillary Clinton as the villainess, Debbie Wasserman Schultz as incompetent and lazy, and Barack Obama as the unnamed cancer that ate away at the center of the party.Ouch.In Brazile s book, she claims that Obama cleaned out the Party. Brazile writes that by the time she took over, the Democratic Party was  broke and $2 million in debt.  According to Brazile, Obama  left the party $24 million in debt    hey, sort of like the country!   and his campaign wouldn t pay off that debt until election year. Furthermore, Wasserman Schultz had grown staff and allowed the DNC to pick up the check for Obama consultants.Brazile also claims that Hillary ran the Party. Hillary used that debt to pick up power   they pledged to fill in the funding gap for the DNC so long as they got to run operations. Gary Gensler, CFO of the Hillary campaign, apparently  described the party as fully under the control of Hillary s campaign, which seemed to confirm the suspicions of the Bernie camp. The campaign had the DNC on life support, giving it money every month to meet its basic expenses, while the campaign was using the party as a fund-raising clearinghouse. Hillary Essentially Laundered Campaign Money Through The DNC. Hillary raised an enormous amount of money for the DNC, but virtually all that money went to Hillary s campaign. Less than half of 1 percent of all money Hillary raised from her fundraisers went to the states. Brazile explains:When the Politico story described this arrangement as  essentially   money laundering  for the Clinton campaign, Hillary s people were outraged at being accused of doing something shady. Bernie s people were angry for their own reasons, saying this was part of a calculated strategy to throw the nomination to Hillary.The party ran as an adjunct to the Hillary campaign long before the primaries, meaning that Bernie was at a severe disadvantage. Brazile admits as much:The funding arrangement with HFA and the victory fund agreement was not illegal, but it sure looked unethical. If the fight had been fair, one campaign would not have control of the party before the voters had decided which one they wanted to lead.For entire story: Daily Wire ",politics,"Nov 2, 2017",0
 Ammon Bundy’s Lunatic Militia Men Facing More Charges From The Feds,"The saga surrounding the idiots who decided to invade and occupy a federal building on a wildlife preserve in Oregon continues. Though the occupation itself is over, the legal troubles for this group of right-wing loons are just beginning. It has been reported that Bundy and his band of nutbags have been indicted on yet more federal charges.These latest indictments state that they will be facing charges because they had weapons in federal facilities, as well as with vandalism and theft of property belonging to the government. The original federal charges drop the hammer on the group   26 people charged in all   for conspiracy to disrupt the duties of federal agents. Also, their infamous stealing of a government truck for a grocery store trip is included in these latest indictments. There are also charges of using weapons during violent criminal activity.Another blow came to the group when the death of LaVoy Finicum was ruled  justified and necessary. Further, another occupier, Sean Anderson and an unnamed accomplice are charged with destruction of sacred artifacts belonging to a local Native American tribe.The fact that any of this happened at all is nothing short of absolutely disgraceful. This nonsense about being able to take over federal land whenever they please is treason. Hopefully, the charges being handed down are serious enough for all of these lunatics to do some very hard time in a federal lock-up.They went into this thinking that they could cause another Waco-type situation, but luckily there was only one death, despite all of those weapons and lunatic gun nuts hellbent on dying for this ridiculously misguided  cause.  There is no cause here. That land belongs to the federal government, and these people are just lawless fools who are a danger to themselves and the rest of society.Lock them up and throw away the key.Featured image via screen capture from WMUR/Addicting Info archives",News,"March 10, 2016",0
At least five killed in Kenya as violence greets opposition leader's return,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - At least five people were killed on Friday as Kenyan police tried to disperse supporters accompanying opposition leader Raila Odinga from the airport to central Nairobi, police said.     Police fired tear gas at the convoy in which Odinga was traveling and used water cannon as they tried to stop it reaching the capital s main business district. Some protesters threw stones at police. Two vehicles, including a police truck, were set on fire. A Reuters photographer saw two bodies with gunshot wounds as police and protesters fought on one of the main roads leading to the business district. Police said five people were stoned to death by angry mobs after they were caught stealing and denied they had used excessive force against the opposition supporters.  These incidences occurred before the police arrived at the various scenes,  the police service said in a statement. Police retreated several times along the route after the protesters were unmoved by the teargas and water cannon spray. They finally held their ground near the city s main park, where Odinga, just returned from the United States, intended to address a rally that had been banned. He blamed President Uhuru Kenyatta for the violence.  My anger is with that guy called Uhuru Kenyatta. I went abroad... After you welcomed me well, he sent policemen to teargas you, to beat my people, to fire bullets at them. Isn t this barbaric?,  he told his supporters after driving to safety. Odinga has called for a  National Resistance Movement  to protest against the outcome of a repeat presidential election last month which saw Kenyatta win a second, five-year term with 98 percent of the vote after Odinga boycotted the contest. Only 39 percent of registered voters took part. The repeat poll was ordered by the Supreme Court after it annulled the results of the August election, won by Kenyatta, over procedural irregularities. The court will rule on Monday on cases that seek to nullify the rerun election.  The political crisis has stirred fears for the stability of Kenya, a regional hub for trade, diplomacy and security.  Earlier on Friday, demonstrators threw up burning barricades on Mombasa Road, the highway that links Nairobi s downtown business district and the airport. Despite a partial police ban on protests in the capital, hundreds of people had gathered in the morning near Jomo Kenyatta International Airport to await Odinga s return. Police fired into the air to disperse them. Once Odinga landed, motorcycle taxi drivers and people on foot shouted their support as the motorcade, which included lawmakers from Odinga s opposition coalition, began moving toward central Nairobi. Dozens of international flights depart and arrive daily at Nairobi s main airport. The national airport authority said on Twitter just before midday that operations were running normally.  Kenya Airways said it had been  impacted  by the disruptions around the airport and offered to book travelers who missed their flights on subsequent ones.   Kenya s prolonged election season has disrupted its economy. Human rights groups say at least 66 people have died in bloodshed surrounding the two elections. Ahead of Monday s Supreme Court ruling, Kenya Airways  chairman told an investor briefing on Friday:  Hopefully we don t have another presidential election so we can get on with life.  ",worldnews,"November 17, 2017 ",1
FIGHTING BACK: [VIDEO] Ben Carson’s Brilliance Was More Than CNN’s Chris Cuomo Bargained For As He Desperately Attempts To Paint Him As A ‘homophobe’,"It s so refreshing to see these GOP candidates who are unwilling to allow the left to misrepresent their beliefs and create a distorted view of their positions on social issues.Having identified what they perceive as his Achilles heel, the liberal media continues to go at potential Republican presidential contender Ben Carson over gay issues.But Carson is clearly learning.The latest attempt at  gotcha jornalism  took place early Thursday when the retired neurosurgeon sat down with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo, who started off lecturing Carson about not being able to  duck issues  as president. As president of the United States, do you understand that you wouldn t be able to duck issues just because they make you uncomfortable or you don t do well on them?  Cuomo asked.  You understand that?(Gone are the days when such a condescending question would have resulted in a widespread media outcry of racism   after all, Carson is a Republican.)Taking the question at face value and asking what issues Cuomo had in mind, Carson was hit with  gay issues,  which Cuomo called  a very important issue to the development of the American culture. https://youtu.be/GE0O5AwP97sCarson responded with understated class, noting sexuality is a personal issue that he didn t find it nearly as interesting as Cuomo, who then tried to swing the conversation to gay marriage. Carson countered to say he would like to see the rights of Christians receive the same intensity, which prompted an interesting exchange. I would like to see as much emphasis on the rights of Christians as there is to some of the other groups,  Carson said.  I would like to see a much greater conservation about Christians and their rights. Why are we not talking about that? We are right now,  Cuomo replied.  The LGBT community gets far less legal protection, as you know No, not as I know,  Carson interjected. How do you not know that?  Cuomo asked.Carson then hit home on the crux of what defines the Democratic Party   identity politics. The important thing is for us as a nation to recognize that all citizens of the United States are protected by our Constitution,  he said.  We need to stop deciding that one group versus another is the flavor of the day. Via: Biz Pac Review",politics,"Apr 11, 2015",0
"Nigeria to hold presidential and parliamentary election on Feb. 16, 2019","ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s next presidential and parliamentary elections will be held on Feb. 16, 2019, the Independent National Electoral Commission said on its official Twitter account on Thursday. The date will mark the end of ailing President Muhammadu Buhari s first term. He has not said if he will run again. Buhari came to power in 2015, promising to crack down on endemic corruption, rid the country of the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency in the northeast and kickstart a flagging economy. Critics say his presidency has been marred by inertia and little progress has been made on those key policies. Buhari has been absent for much of 2017 because of an undisclosed medical problem, which calls into question whether he will stand next year. It also creates uncertainty for his All Progressives Congress party that was created to elect him. A presidency spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Buhari s plans. ",worldnews,"September 28, 2017 ",1
U.S. lawmaker Scalise improving after baseball field shooting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Steve Scalise, the No. 3 House Republican, has shown improvement in the past 36 hours after being shot by a man who opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a baseball practice earlier in the week, his lead surgeon said on Friday. “The congressman’s status remains critical,” Dr. Jack Sava, the director of trauma at the MedStar Washington Hospital Center, told reporters. “An excellent recovery is a good possibility.” Scalise, 51, sustained injuries to internal organs, broken bones and severe bleeding after being shot in his left hip on Wednesday morning on a baseball field in a Washington suburb. Scalise had been at “imminent risk of death” when he was first brought into the hospital on Wednesday, and he received many units of transfused blood, Sava said. The congressman’s risk of death was now substantially lower because doctors have controlled the bleeding and his vital signs have stabilized. Scalise, who has had two surgeries, will need additional operations and will be in the hospital for “a considerable period of time, presumably weeks,” Sava said. Because the bullet shattered, there may be hundreds of fragments in Scalise’s body and doctors do not intend to try to remove them all, Sava said. He declined to describe specific internal injuries. Once recovered, Scalise will be able to walk and hopefully run, the doctor said. He said doctors have turned down Scalise’s sedation levels enough that he has been able to respond to visiting family members. Scalise, a police officer, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were wounded on Wednesday when a man identified as James Hodgkinson, 66, from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on the lawmakers as they practiced for an annual charity baseball game between Republicans and Democrats. Hodgkinson died after being shot by police. A list of Republican lawmakers was found on Hodgkinson’s body, CBS News reported, citing an unidentified U.S. official. The list included Representatives Mo Brooks and Jeff Duncan, who were at the practice, and Representative Trent Franks, who was not, CBS said. The note was not considered an assassination list, the network said. The FBI declined to comment on the report. The U.S. Capitol Police and representatives for the three lawmakers did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The FBI said that the shooter’s weapons found at the scene - a 9mm handgun and 7.62mm caliber rifle - had been legally purchased. The FBI continues to process evidence in an effort to assess the potential motivations of the shooter, the agency said in a statement Friday. Hodgkinson had a history of posting angry messages against Trump and other Republicans on social media. Members of Congress took the field at Washington’s Nationals Park on Thursday night for the charity baseball game, many wearing hats to honor Scalise, who has represented Louisiana in the House since 2008. ",politicsNews,"June 16, 2017 ",1
Death toll from Somalia bombings rises to 358,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The number killed in twin bombings in the Somali capital Mogadishu last weekend has risen to 358, the government said late on Friday.  As well as the confirmed death toll, 228 people were injured in what was the deadliest attack in the country s history, Somalia s news agency quoted the information and internal security ministers as saying. ",worldnews,"October 20, 2017 ",1
Japan ruling bloc heads for big election win despite voter distaste for PM Abe: poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling coalition is on track for a big win in Sunday s general election - even though almost half the country s voters don t want him to keep his job, a media survey showed on Monday. Behind that paradox is a fizzling challenge by an upstart party led by Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, a divided opposition and jitters about a volatile North Korea that incline wary voters toward a safe pair of hands, political analysts said. Abe s Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) is set to win between 281 to 303 seats in the 465-member lower house, while its junior coalition partner the Komeito is on track to take 30-33 seats, the Mainichi newspaper said, based on an Oct. 13-15 survey. That would put the ruling bloc on track to maintain the two-third s  super majority  it held before the chamber was dissolved for the snap election.  That means Abe s grip on his post is all but assured when parliament convenes to elect a premier after Sunday s poll. The Mainichi survey, however, showed 47 percent of voters would prefer not to see Abe stay in his post. Abe took office nearly five years ago promising to bolster defense and boost growth with his  Abenomics  strategy. Thirty-seven percent want him to remain.  Abe is not popular, but his party is trusted by enough voters to win big if only because the new parties are untested and have not generated excitement,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan. An electoral system where 289 seats are from single-member districts where the candidate with a plurality of votes wins and others get no representation at all also means a split opposition benefits Abe s LDP. The rest of the chamber s seats are from proportional representation blocs. Koike s fledgling Party of Hope, which the former LDP lawmaker launched last month as a  reformist, conservative  alternative to the LDP, is likely to win between 42-54 seats. The Party of Hope absorbed a big chunk of the failed main opposition Democratic Party. But an early burst of voter enthusiasm seems to have dissipated after Koike declined to run for a lower house seat or say whom her party would back as a candidate for premier. The party s platform also shares much of Abe s hawkish security agenda, but differs by promising to freeze a planned sales tax hike and to exit nuclear power by 2030. A smaller Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), formed by liberal members from the Democratic Party, was set to win between 45-49 seats, the Mainichi said - raising the possibility that it might become the leading opposition group. The CDPJ  crept up from nowhere,  Kingston said.  It is clear there are a lot of people who feel left by the wayside by Abenomics.  The Mainichi forecasts were based on responses from 73,087 voters nationwide. ",worldnews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
Senate Republican leaders want health bill revised by Friday: Cornyn,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn on Wednesday indicated Republican leaders want changes to their draft healthcare legislation completed this week so lawmakers could review the revised plan over next week’s congressional recess. Cornyn, speaking to reporters outside Senate Leader Mitch McConnell’s office, said having the changes done by Friday would be “optimal” and allow the Congressional Budget Office time to provide a new analysis of the bill’s impact. ",politicsNews,"June 28, 2017 ",1
 Trump Just Lost His SH*T After Report Claims He Paid Russian Ladies To Pee On His Bed In Moscow (TWEETS),"Get ready to explain to your children what a  golden shower  is, because it s going to be a hot topic in the news for anywhere between a month and four years thanks to Donald Trump. A new report reveals information from a man who CNN says is a former British spy who is trusted by American intelligence but now does opposition research. On Tuesday, the network reported that a two-page summary had been provided to President Barack Obama and Donald Trump, and Trump is pissed off now that the content has been released in full by Buzzfeed.While it is important to note that the report is not completely verified, the document reveals some information that Trump probably wanted to keep private   like that time he was staying at a hotel in Russia and paid some nice ladies to pee on his bed (not to mention evidence that Trump s campaign worked directly with the Russian government). According to Source D, where s/he had been present, Trump s (perverted) conduct in Moscow included hiring the Presidential suite of the Ritz Carlton Hotel, where he knew President and Mrs Obama (whom he hated) had stayed on one of their official trips to Russia, and defiling the bed where they had slept by employing a number of prostitutes to perform a [redacted] show in front of him,  the report reads.Naturally, Trump couldn t handle this  big reveal  and completely flew off the handle on Twitter:This was just too much for the people of Twitter to handle, and they responded perfectly to the puddle Trump had stepped in:@realDonaldTrump you sound pissed. Don't worry you're still number 1. It's not like urine trouble or anything.  TechnicallyRon (@TechnicallyRon) January 11, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Uh oh, sweetheart, you sound VERY upset. Now is not the time to project the image you're unhinged!  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 11, 2017.@realDonaldTrump If there's nothing to worry about, there's nothing to worry about! Shouting on the Internet doesn't do anyone any good.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 11, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/H6ykCrwxY7  Tyler Conway (@jtylerconway) January 11, 2017.@realDonaldTrump (It makes it seem like maybe you peed on the Russian girls or they peed on one another for your pleasure, dear.)  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 11, 2017@bessbell @realDonaldTrump You can't spell Trump without the P! #Peeotus #orangefacegoldenshowers    Frank Cooney   (@FrankCooney) January 11, 2017@kmorrisjr @realDonaldTrump It's urine trouble bigly.  Good Corn (@therealgoodcorn) January 11, 2017@realDonaldTrump first President whose voters have had to answer their kids asking ""what's a golden shower?"" after googling their president.  Luke Barnett (@LukeBarnett) January 11, 2017@JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump He sounds very pissed!!!  Joshua/  (@joshuazakariya) January 11, 2017.@realDonaldTrump I mean, you always said you were a Goldwater Republican.  Alex Edelman (@AlexEdelman) January 11, 2017@realDonaldTrump a toiletal peelitical whizz hunt  Alex's Goldman (@AGoldmund) January 11, 2017And that's why I have rubber sheets. #goldenshowers https://t.co/cg0jzBnCJ7  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) January 10, 2017#GoldenShowers only has #DownwardDog, #GeorgeLucas and #DylanRoof between it and the Trending Crown! It's gonna be close!  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 10, 2017trump being into golden showers is a bit on the nose for me ????  Tyler Oakley (@tyleroakley) January 10, 2017Golden Showers now?! What the WHAT?! I can't keep up! Lemme go read this report! ?  Tracie Thoms (@traciethoms) January 10, 2017Elderly woman next to me on the train just googled ""golden showers"" b/c of Trump report and almost dropped her phone when the page loaded ?  Calvin (@calvinstowell) January 10, 2017Wait ""drain the swamp"" was just another term for golden showers? This too much.  Desus Nice (@desusnice) January 10, 2017I'm sure Trump is pissed.BYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  Grace Helbig (@gracehelbig) January 10, 2017Intelligence agencies are still working on verifying all details of the report, but remember that these allegations come from someone they know and consider credible. In the meantime, let s just laugh at the mess Trump has landed himself in.Featured image via screengrab",News,"January 10, 2017",0
 Anthony Bourdain Reveals The ‘ONE Good Thing’ About Trump And It’s HILARIOUS,"While Donald Trump is currently freaking out because he hasn t been able to find anyone to perform at his inauguration (which is just a few short weeks away at this point), master chef Anthony Bourdain is making sure he rubs salt in Trump s open wounds.Never one to mince his words, Bourdain first asserted himself as an anti-Trump celebrity when he was asked if he d ever dine with Trump during his presidential campaign. Bourdain s reply was blunt and brutal   he said, Absolutely f*cking not. And Bourdain hasn t changed his tone about Trump, not even after the phony business mogul has been elected. In a recent interview with Eater s Helen Rosner, Bourdain further confirmed that he is as anti-Trump as ever. During the interview, Bourdain clearly stated that he was concerned about what Trump s presidency meant for his daughter   rightfully so, as any parent should be. But while Trump s presidency means horrible things for many people who aren t rich white men, Bourdain was able to find one silver lining.In stating that he would never attend Trump s White House Correspondents  dinner, Bourdain stated that at least Trump would probably put an end to it. He said: I doubt there will be another. Thank god, that s an institution I d like to see die for years. If there s one good thing to come out of the Trump administration, let it be that there will be no more White House Correspondents  dinners. It reinforces all the world s worst notions about the hideous, inside-the-beltway, all-in-it-together culture. It brings honor to no one to have Kim Kardashian or Tara Reid sitting there next to a news anchor. What is this all about? F*ck that. If I m gonna make fun of you today, I m not accepting your food tomorrow. I had dinner with President Obama, but I paid. We were offered Air Force One, and I said,  There s no way. No way. Well, he s probably right. Not only would there be several empty seats, but the only people who would actually attend would be swamp monsters just like Trump. This is surely going to be one sour reminder to Trump that he is extremely unpopular and will never be accepted in the way that President Barack Obama was embraced by most of America. You can read the rest of Bourdain s anti-Trump interview on Eater.Featured image via Astrid Stawiarz / Getty Images",News,"December 22, 2016",0
HA! YOU WON’T BELIEVE HILLARY’S LUXURY “SCOOBY” VAN!,"Everyone s been asking where the Hillary van is So Hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-I thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? This monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! Ouch!The van, however, isn t an everyday minivan or even a full-sized van. It s a luxury vehicle outiftted with top amenities.Specifically: It s a limited edition Chevrolet Express van upfitted with a Limited SE packed by Explorer Vans company  It s very luxurious,  a salesman who helped deliver this vehicle tells me on the phone.  I d rank it up there with the best. The model being used to chauffeur Hillary Clinton around has a gray leather interior, heated seat, a 29 inch Samsung television, and a Blu-ray DVD player.There is no refrigerator in the van. However, Hillary s model does feature an ice chest between the two front seats. (Which might have been used to keep her cottage cheese cold.) The middle chairs are swivel and quick release. Indirect lighting (like mood lighting) throughout the vans.Oh, and there s a bed. The power sofa in the rear of the vehicle converts into a bed. But given the fact it s only a 6 foot wide vehicle, it might have been a little hard to get a proper night s sleep in it.But it s not exactly great for the environment. It s a 2014 model all-wheel-drive that gets only 16-18 miles per gallon.READ MORE: WEEKLY STANDARD",left-news,"Apr 14, 2015",0
Senate Finance chair warns of insurance bailout without Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch warned on Tuesday of dire consequences if Congress fails to repeal Obamacare, including the collapse of health insurance markets. “Among other things, it means a congressional bailout of failing insurance markets, probably before the end of 2017,” Hatch said in a statement. “Frankly, that ship may have sailed on that one after last night’s developments. We’re probably looking at an insurance bailout one way or another.”     ",politicsNews,"July 18, 2017 ",1
University of Nairobi closed as anger rises over police brutality,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Administrators closed Kenya s oldest university on Tuesday, citing fears for students  safety in a planned protest over police beatings at a campus demonstration last week. Kenyan police frequently face accusations of brutality and extrajudicial killings from civilians and rights groups, but officers are rarely charged and almost never convicted.  Despite this, Kenya, an economic and transport hub in East Africa and a key Western ally in a volatile region, receives substantial financial support for its security services from international donors, including the United States and Britain.   Rights groups say at least 28 people were killed, mostly by police, in unrest following the Aug. 8 election, whose results were later nullified by the Supreme Court due to irregularities.  A re-run of the presidential vote is scheduled for Oct. 26 and the conduct of the police will be closely watched.  On Sept. 28, University of Nairobi students protested against the arrest of an opposition lawmaker. Police responded by entering dormitories and classrooms, dragging out students, beating them with clubs and firing tear gas, according to a Reuters witness. The university said 27 students were injured.  A police spokesman did not respond to requests for comment but a presidential spokesman told local radio on Monday that robbers were hiding among the students.  On Tuesday, students had planned to demonstrate against the beatings but instead administrators shut down the university.   The (University of Nairobi) Senate has decided to send the students home for their (own) safety,  John Orindi, the university s corporate affairs director, told Reuters. On Tuesday morning, riot policemen stood near a truck with water cannon outside the campus gates.  A 20-year-old veterinary student who did not want to be named for fear of retribution said students wanted the vice chancellor to resign  for allowing anti-riot police to enter campus and seriously injure students . University officials had talks on Monday with the interior minister, police chief and the head of a Kenyan government watchdog that is charged with investigating complaints against the police. ",worldnews,"October 3, 2017 ",1
Green groups criticize Trump pick for White House environmental policy post,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Green groups on Friday slammed U.S. President Donald Trump for choosing a nominee for White House environmental panel who wrote in an opinion article last year that carbon dioxide is not a pollutant. The White House said on Thursday that Trump had nominated Kathleen Hartnett White, who served as Texas’s top environmental regulator under the state’s former governor, U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry, to the White House Council on Environmental Quality. The council sets the administration’s environmental policy goals.  White, now a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Institute, has questioned the notion that burning fossil fuels is causing harmful increases in global temperatures. In an opinion article  in the Austin American-Statesman newspaper on June 20, 2016, she said natural gas had been “falsely maligned” and should be known as the “gas of life.”  Environmental Working Group President Ken Cook said on Friday that assertion indicated that White would facilitate “the rampant looting of environmental and public health protection policies,” according to a news release. The Environmental Working Group describes itself as “a non-profit, non-partisan organization dedicated to protecting human health and the environment.” The Sierra Club environmental group called White “a fossil fuel industry apologist” in a news release on Friday.  White did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  “Kathleen Hartnett White is eminently qualified having served as an environmental regulator and on numerous environmental boards and commissions,” a White House spokeswoman said. “Her nomination was cleared by the Office of Government Ethics. We look forward to Mrs. White being confirmed.”  An overwhelming majority of scientists think that carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels is a major contributor to global climate change, triggering sea level rise, droughts and more frequent violent storms. White is not the first person Trump has picked to join his administration who rejects that scientific consensus. In March, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt said he did not believe carbon dioxide was a major contributor to global warming.   ",politicsNews,"October 13, 2017 ",1
BOOM! Poll Shows Support For Trump With Blacks SURGES…DESTROYS Romney’s Numbers With LATINO Voters [VIDEO],"Pandering Hillary just took a YUGE hit!Republican Donald Trump is surging with African American voters and gaining more support from Latino voters than Mitt Romney and John McCain.The latest LA Times Daybreak poll has Hillary up by just six-tenths of a point.Trump is surging with black voters and doing better with Latino voters than Romney or McCain.In the last ten presidential election cycles the highest black vote share for a Republican was 12% for Bob Dole in 1996. Trump has 14.6% of the black vote in today s LA Times poll.Here are just a few examples of support for Trump from the Black and Hispanic community:Black Votes Matter That's why people are leaving the Democratic Plantation of chains! #SelfMade #Trump2016 Voters pic.twitter.com/lnQjlVswf9  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 15, 2016#LatinosForTrump want #HillaryClinton in Jail where she belongs for lying to #Latinos es Mala la vieja #Trump2016   pic.twitter.com/tEWXt5mScF  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 14, 2016#FireTrumpIn4Words Latinos Are Voting Trump #Trump2016 #MAGA #Miami #Ohio #PA #Virginia   #BlacksForTrump   pic.twitter.com/8i1Mx97LqU  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 13, 2016If Donald Trump captured 25 percent of the African American vote he would win in a landslide.And Trump has 26.7% of the Latino vote.Mitt Romney gained 21 percent of the Latino vote in the 2012 election. Senator John McCain received 23 percent of the Latino vote in the 2008 election. Via: Gateway Pundit",politics,"Aug 18, 2016",0
Spanish court blocks second law linked to Catalan referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish court has suspended a Catalan law that outlined a legal framework for an independent state, a court source said on Tuesday, the day after hundreds of thousands rallied in Barcelona to support secession from Madrid. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government is increasing the pressure to prevent an independence referendum, scheduled for Oct. 1, from going ahead. It has declared the vote illegal and challenged laws linked to the ballot in the courts. The Constitutional Court, Spain s highest authority on such matters, suspended the law while judges consider whether it is against the country s constitution. It suspended a law approving the Oct. 1 vote last week.  The Catalan parliament approved both laws on Wednesday in a move which brought a long-running tussle between the pro-independence regional government and the Madrid-based central government to a head. Rising tension between Madrid and Barcelona has prompted some investors to ditch Spanish sovereign debt. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, who faces criminal charges for his role in organizing the referendum, only has the power to call an election not a referendum, a government spokesman said on Tuesday.  If Puigdemont wants to consult the people, it s very simple, he should call an election,  government spokesman and Minister of Education, Culture and Sport Inigo Mendez de Vigo told Antena 3 television. Polls have shown support for independence waning in recent years with those wanting a separate state in a minority. However, a majority of Catalans want to vote on the issue. Most of Catalonia s 948 mayors have pledged to permit use of public spaces for the vote, but Ada Colau, head of the region s biggest city Barcelona, has asked for assurances that civil servants involved will not risk losing their jobs.  Justice Minister Rafael Catala on Tuesday warned the regional administration against coercing municipal leaders to take part.  I trust they will be left in peace and not be obliged to do what they cannot,  Catala told RTVE television. ",worldnews,"September 12, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: War Veteran John McCain DESTROYS Draft-Dodger Trump’s Anthem Protest Whining,"John McCain is far more qualified to comment on the NFL anthem protests than Donald Trump.After all, McCain spent over five years as a prisoner of war suffering brutal torture at the hands of his Vietnamese captors.He is a decorated military veteran who served his country and risked his life.Trump, on the other hand, dodged the Vietnam War draft several times, clearly too much of a coward to fight for America. Thousands of others died far away from home while Trump spent his daddy s money and slept around.So when it comes to choosing who we should listen to when it comes to talking about the NFL anthem protests, John McCain is the most credible.On Friday, Trump called NFL players who kneel during the anthem to protest racial injustice  sons of bitches  and called for them to be fired.Over the course of the weekend that followed and into this past Tuesday, Trump repeatedly attacked NFL players on Twitter.If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017 NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can t kneel during our National Anthem!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017But ratings for the NFL remained extremely high, and players responded to Trump by kneeling en masse, something that had not happened prior to Trump attacking them and ordering them to stand.It should be pointed out that the government cannot force anyone to stand for the national anthem, just like the government can t force kids to say the Pledge of Allegiance. Hell, even flag-burning is protected free speech, therefore, so is kneeling.Also, players are not kneeling to disrespect the flag. They are doing so to protest racial injustice.And in one short sentence, John McCain obliterated Trump s whining. That s their right to do what they want as citizens,  McCain told TMZ when asked about the protest.Here s the video via YouTube.Let s keep in mind that Donald Trump himself has repeatedly disrespecting military veterans. During the campaign, he said that McCain is not a war hero because he got captured. Trump also insulted a Gold Star family whose son was killed while courageously saving the lives of his fellow soldiers.Silently kneeling during the national anthem is not disrespectful at all. These NFL players are shedding light on injustice in this country. An injustice that goes against everything the American flag is supposed to stand for. This protest is not about the troops or the flag as Trump claims. It s about injustice and the right to protest against it.Featured Image: Steve Pope/Getty Images",News,"September 27, 2017",0
 Colbert Says Goodbye To Rubio In Epic Sendoff (VIDEO),"Marco Rubio, the latest victim of the Trump train that has wreacked havoc on the Republican Party, has bowed out of the race for the nomination after getting destroyed in Florida, becoming the latest victim in a long line of Republican candidates that has now trickled down to just three.  Stephen Colbert bid farewell to Rubio with an epic sendoff, putting together a compilation of absurdities committed by Rubio throughout his campaign for the presidency. Yes, Florida senator and boy whose birthday party your parents made you attend, Marco Rubio, has joined the ranks of the fallen,  Colbert said. When Rubio told his supporters there is  nothing more  they could have done for him, the host replied,  Well, you could have voted for him, but besides that, no.  Colbert added: Rubio was the last tribute fighting on behalf of the establishment of Capital City. He was supposed to become the Jeb Bush people liked. Instead he became Jeb Bush. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AWywH4OxcE]Colbert touched on some of the most important moments in the Rubio campaign, including his big mistake in stooping to Trump s level by making fun of his hands.  You know what they say about men with small hands,  Colbert asked.  They win Florida. Rubio, the darling of the Republican establishment was expected to perform much better but continuously finished in third place behind Trump and the other creepy guy Ted Cruz. He has stated that he would not run on anyone s ticket as vice-president if he s asked. No loss for America there folks. Featured image via video screenshot.",News,"March 18, 2016",0
British PM May says foreign minister Johnson supports her Brexit plans,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday her cabinet fully backed her approach to Brexit, including Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson. Johnson, a leading campaigner to leave the European Union in last year s referendum, has set out a number of demands in recent weeks over how Britain should leave the bloc that go beyond May s plans.  What I have is a cabinet that is united in the mission of the government,  May told BBC television.   Boris is absolutely behind the Florence speech and the line that we have taken,  she said in reference to a speech she made in Italy last month about her approach to Brexit.  ",worldnews,"October 1, 2017 ",1
China's Communist Party says still talking to North Korean counterpart,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party continues to hold talks and maintain contacts with its North Korean counterpart, a senior official said on Saturday, describing the two countries friendship as important for regional stability. While the United States and its allies, and many people in China, believe Beijing should do more to rein in Pyongyang, the acceleration of North Korea s nuclear and missile capabilities has coincided with a near-total breakdown of high-level diplomacy between the two. China, Pyongyang s sole major ally, has said it will strictly enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions banning imports of coal, textiles and seafood, while cutting off oil shipments to the North. China accounts for more than 90 percent of world trade with the isolated country.  Guo Yezhou, a deputy head of the Chinese Communist Party s international department, told reporters on the sidelines of a party congress that its exchanges, communication and dialogue with the North s ruling Workers  Party of Korea were continuing.  China and North Korea are neighbours and the two have a traditional friendly cooperative relationship,  Guo said. Maintaining, developing and consolidating those ties not only accord with both sides  interests, they also have  important meaning  for regional peace and stability, he added. Exchanges between the two parties play an important role in developing overall China-North Korea relations, Guo said.  Our party and the Workers  Party of Korea have traditional friendly exchanges. When and at what level these exchanges happen depend on both sides need and both sides  convenience,  he added, without elaborating. Guo did not directly answer a question on when the department s head, Song Tao, last met with any North Koreans. The department is in charge of the party s relations with foreign political parties, and has traditionally served as a conduit for Chinese diplomacy with North Korea. The Workers  Party of Korea on Wednesday congratulated China on its 19th Communist Party Congress despite the increasingly frayed relationships between the allies as China tightens sanctions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program. Though China has been angered by North Korea s repeated nuclear and missile tests and demanded they stop, Beijing also sees the United States and South Korea sharing responsibility for rising tensions with their military drills. North Korea is likely to be at high on the agenda when U.S. President Donald Trump visits China next month for talks with President Xi Jinping. ",worldnews,"October 21, 2017 ",1
Trump administration moves to keep full CIA 'torture' report secret,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has begun returning to Congress copies of a voluminous 2014 report describing the CIA’s harsh detention and interrogation programs, U.S. officials said on Friday. The Trump administration’s move means it could be more difficult for the full, 6,700-page report to be made public, because documents held by Congress are exempt from laws requiring government records to eventually be made public. The White House made the move in response to requests by Sen. Richard Burr, the Senate Intelligence Committee’s current Republican chairman, officials said. In a statement emailed to Reuters, Burr said: “I have directed my staff to retrieve copies of the Congressional study that remain with the Executive Branch agencies and, as the Committee does with all classified and compartmented information, will enact the necessary measures to protect the sensitive sources and methods contained within the report.” Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the Democrat who chaired the committee when the report was produced, had asked that it be distributed to multiple executive branch agencies, a move designed to make it eventually releasable to the public under the Freedom of Information Act law. Feinstein said in a statement that she was “concerned and disappointed” that Burr requested that the document be returned, calling it a departure from the committee’s normal bipartisan nature. “No senator, chairman or not, has the authority to erase history. I believe that is the intent of the chairman in this case,” she said.  Sen Mark Warner, who succeeded Feinstein as the committee’s top Democrat, said in a Twitter post he was “disappointed” with Burr’s decision, and that the report “must be preserved so we can learn from past mistakes & ensure that abuses are never repeated.” A declassified executive summary of the report was made public in December 2014. It concluded that the CIA’s interrogation programs, using techniques such as waterboarding that most observers consider torture, were more brutal and less effective than the CIA had told policymakers. The report said that not a single terrorist attack was foiled as a result of the use of harsh interrogation techniques. The American Civil Liberties Union had filed litigation to have the full report released. But U.S. courts ruled that because the document was created by Congress, it was exempt from the Freedom of Information Act. At least one copy of the report, however, will not be returned to the committee. That’s because a copy has been preserved in former President Barack Obama’s presidential archive, according to a Dec. 9, 2016 letter written to Feinstein by Obama’s top White House lawyer at the time, W. Neil Eggleston. The CIA declined to comment. Burr’s move was first reported by the New York Times. ",politicsNews,"June 2, 2017 ",1
Trump travel ban shows U.S. misunderstanding of anti-terror duties: Chinese state media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s order temporarily banning visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries shows that his administration does not understand its counterterrorism duties, Chinese state media said on Wednesday. Trump’s Jan. 27 order, which he says is necessary for national security, sought to bar entry by travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and by all refugees for 120 days, except for refugees from Syria, who face an indefinite ban. The move, which sparked protests and chaos at U.S. and overseas airports, has been suspended by a federal judge in Seattle and is now under intense scrutiny from a U.S. federal appeals court questioning whether it unfairly targeted people over their religion. China’s government has offered mild criticism of the ban, saying immigration policy was a sovereign right but “reasonable concerns” must be considered. But the official Xinhua news agency said Trump’s order “shows that his administration has no correct recognition of the responsibility it needs to shoulder in a global fight against terrorism”. “Radical elements around the world could use the ban to further justify their ruthless causes, and to gain more recruits,” Xinhua said in a commentary. “That is a grave threat not only to the safety and security of the United States, but that of others worldwide. “Banned countries on the list, such as Iraq, Libya and Syria, have been victimized by terrorism because previous U.S. governments and other Western powers deliberately intervened for self-interests,” it added. Such commentaries from Xinhua do not equate to government policy, but often reflect official thinking. The world’s most populous nation generally accepts few refugees. China offered permanent residence to 1,576 foreigners in 2016, the public security ministry has said, but such openings are largely reserved for experts and professionals. China, which says it faces a serious threat from terrorism, has often rebuked the United States and other Western countries for what it considers their double standards on terrorism. Nervous about being implicated in possible human rights abuses, Western nations have been reluctant to cooperate in China’s campaign in its far western region of Xinjiang, where  officials say Islamist militants aim to set up a separate state. Rights advocates say ethnic violence in the region in recent years is a response to repressive government policies affecting the largely Muslim Uighur people who call Xinjiang home, though China denies rights abuses there.  ",politicsNews,"February 8, 2017 ",1
Syrian opposition rejects Russia-sponsored peace initiative,"BEIRUT/AMMAN/ANKARA (Reuters) - Syria s opposition rejected a Russian-sponsored initiative to reach a political settlement to the civil war, as Turkey protested against moves to involve Kurdish groups, in an early setback to Moscow s peacemaking bid. Having intervened decisively in the Syrian war in 2015 in support of President Bashar al-Assad, Russia now hopes to build on the collapse of Islamic State to launch a political process to end the six-year-old conflict. Syria s government has said it is ready to attend the Nov. 18 Sochi congress which is set to focus on a new constitution, saying the time is right thanks to Syrian army gains and the  terrorists  obliteration .  But officials in the anti-Assad opposition rejected the meeting on Wednesday and insisted any talks be held under U.N. sponsorship in Geneva, the scene of a string of failed peace efforts.  The congress amounted to a meeting  between the regime and the regime , said Mohammad Alloush, a member of the opposition High Negotiations Committee and a senior official with the Jaish al-Islam rebel group.     The HNC was surprised it had been mentioned in a list of invited groups and would  issue a statement with other parties setting out the general position rejecting this conference,  Alloush told Reuters. The Turkey-based Syrian National Coalition (SNC) political opposition group said the congress was an attempt to circumvent  the international desire for political transition  in Syria. Russian air power played a big part in the defeat of rebels in opposition-held eastern Aleppo and other areas last year.   What kind of Syrian-Syrian dialogue will it be under the sponsorship of the (Russian) criminal?  said Eyad Shamsi, another HNC member and the head of a rebel faction. A Russian negotiator said on Tuesday that Syrian groups who choose to boycott the congress risked being sidelined as the political process moves ahead. Russia has invited 33 Syrian groups and political parties to what it calls a  Syrian Congress on National Dialogue . Russian President Vladimir Putin first mentioned the idea of the congress last month, saying he believed Moscow and the Syrian government would soon finally defeat militants in Syria. Helped by Russia s air force and an array of Iran-backed Shi ite militias, Assad has defeated many of the Syrian rebels who were fighting to topple him, leaving them confined to enclaves in the west. Damascus and its allies have also recovered swathes of central and eastern Syria from Islamic State in recent months, while a separate campaign by U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) has driven IS from other parts of the country. The separate campaigns are now converging on Islamic State s last strongholds in Deir al-Zor province at the Iraqi border. Russia s decision to invite Kurdish groups which dominate the SDF to Sochi triggered objections from Turkey on Wednesday. Ankara, which views the dominant Syrian Kurdish groups as a national security threat, said it was unacceptable that the Kurdish YPG militia had been invited. Turkish presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said Turkish and Russian officials had discussed the issue and that he had held meetings of his own to  solve the problem on the spot . Turkey views the YPG and its political affiliate, the PYD, as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), which has been waging a three-decade insurgency in Turkey. The head of the PYD indicated on Wednesday his group favored attending the congress. Shahoz Hasan, in written comments to Reuters, said the PYD would advocate for its decentralized model for Syria. Although he did not firmly commit to attending, he said a majority among the PYD and its allies now favored going:  We are discussing it and the majority view is to attend .     ",worldnews,"November 1, 2017 ",1
"WATCH: ANGRY PARENTS WALK OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL’S RACIST, ANTI-COP COMMENCEMENT SPEECH [Video]","Another leftist educator uses the precious time they ve been given to deliver an inspirational speech to high school graduates to instead, deliver a radical, divisive and hateful message. A Missouri high school principal sent some parents toward the exits last week when he made a disparaging remark about police  killing young black men  during a graduation speech.Belton High School Principal Fred Skretta was talking about why he became a teacher when he suddenly veered off in an unexpected direction. I wanted to be a teacher because I wanted to change the world, I wanted to make it a better place,  he told the audience.  I m going to be honest with you, in a lot of ways I fear that we are not there yet. If we were there, we wouldn t have conflicts between police killing young black men. https://youtu.be/mQHKFGBPREUNever mind the poor sentence structure. Some parents were so offended by the commentary they got up and walked out of the ceremony, according to Fox 4 News. I found it very inappropriate, I am highly offended,  a parent said.  You don t use the platform of a child s graduation to push a political agenda or push your personal opinions.  Your job is supposed to inspire, educate, inform and not indoctronize one way or the other. Interestingly, Fox4News reported that Skretta posted an apology on social media after the ceremony, but the Twitter account appears to have been deleted since then.The apology, according to the Fox affiliate: TY all at #BHS graduation! I apologize if my remarks were offensive. Our law enforcement have difficult jobs & I meant no disrespect #agape  Doc Skretta (@Principal_BHS) May 17, 2015 Belton district deputy superintendent, Steve Morgan, later offered an apology also, Fox4News reported. Comments were made at graduation and they certainly are not reflective of the district, so we sent out an apology in a statement today that went to all patrons reflecting that,  Morgan said.Via: BizPac Review",politics,"May 28, 2015",0
" President Obama BLASTS ‘Insecure’ Trump, Makes It Clear Trump Is Unfit (VIDEO)","Donald Trump fell on his face repeatedly during Sunday night s debate. Perhaps he was too busy thinking about what President Obama said about him only hours earlier.The Republican nominee is under tremendous fire and his campaign is imploding after some lewd comments about groping women dropped like a bombshell on Friday. Trump and his team have been scrambling ever since while Republicans have been running as far away as they can from the blast radius.During an event in Chicago in support of Rep. Tammy Duckworth s Senate bid, President Obama finally chimed in on the disgusting remarks, which was perfect timing considering the second presidential debate between Hillary and Trump was only a few hours away from commencing in St. Louis. One of the most disturbing things about this election is just the unbelievable rhetoric coming at the top of the Republican ticket,  Obama said of the remarks.  I don t need to repeat it. There are children in the room. President Obama was clearly referencing Trump s 2005 remarks, which included a declaration that he is so famous that he just walks up to women and  grabs them by the p*ssy. Demeaning women, degrading women, but also minorities, immigrants, people of other faiths, mocking the disabled, insulting our troops, insulting our veterans. That tells you a couple things,  Obama continued.  It tells you that he s insecure enough that he pumps himself up by putting other people down not a character trait that I would advise for somebody in the Oval Office. It tells you that he doesn t care much about the basic values that we try to impart to our kids. It tells you he d be careless with the civility and the respect that a real, vibrant democracy requires. Here s the video via CNN:So maybe Donald Trump had a hard time during the debate last night partly because he was seething from being burned by President Obama. Regardless of why Trump got his ass handed to him on the debate stage again, the fact remains that he is unfit to be president and President Obama perfectly made it clear that insulting a great majority of Americans is the biggest reason to keep Trump out of the White House.America needs a president who respects all of the people, not someone who has disrespected more than half of them.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 10, 2016",0
MUST WATCH VIDEO! TRUMP’S MINI-ME Steals The Show From “The Donald”…Adorable! [Video],"HERE S ANOTHER VIEW:Watch Trump invite little child dressed up as Donald Trump onto the stage in Wilkes-Barre, PA. pic.twitter.com/2WqZm8JXm1  Deplorable AJ (@asamjulian) October 11, 2016 ",politics,"Oct 10, 2016",0
UK's May sets out transition plan in bid to unlock Brexit talks,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May set out a plan on Friday to retain full access to the EU s single market for two years after Brexit to try to reassure business and reset the tone of stalled negotiations with Brussels. But her proposals for such a transition, for meeting Britain s financial obligations and for protecting EU citizens  rights fell short of what the EU wanted.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier praised the speech for its  constructive spirit  but asked for more detail. Another official said it had left him  even more concerned . In a speech at a 14th-century church in Florence, Italy, May appealed directly to EU leaders to unlock the talks, which have stalled over a series of issues, including the size of the bill Britain should pay as part of its divorce settlement. She spent much of her 30-minute speech describing the similarities between Britain and the EU, saying that if the complicated talks to unravel more than 40 years of union should fail, the only beneficiaries would be those who oppose democracy, liberalism and free trade. Sterling fell against both the dollar GBP= and the euro EURGBP= during May's speech, weakening by more than half a cent against the U.S. currency. Late on Friday ratings agency Moody s downgraded its assessment of Britain s creditworthiness, saying Brexit was damaging the country s medium-term growth prospects. The government said Moody s view was  outdated  and did not consider May s most recent comments.  Clearly people, businesses and public services should only have to plan for one set of changes in the relationship between the UK and the EU,  May told an audience of Italian business leaders and diplomats.  So during the implementation period, access to one another s markets should continue on current terms, and Britain also should continue to take part in existing security measures.  Britain wants to move the talks forward and start addressing how a future relationship with the EU would work, a move May s government says is vital if they want to find agreement on the divorce bill. But the EU has stood firm, refusing to discuss trading arrangements until  sufficient progress  is made on the first three issues - the financial settlement, the land border with EU member Ireland and the protection of expatriates  rights. Beyond her vision for a transition, involving around two years of trading on the same terms, but no payments for access to the EU single market, May pledged to protect EU citizens  rights in Britain after Brexit, saying that decisions by the European Court of Justice would be taken into account by British courts. On the financial settlement, she also said Britain would  honor commitments we have made during the period of our membership .   I do not want our partners to fear that they will need to pay more or receive less over the remainder of the current budget plan as a result of our decision to leave,  she said. May has long said Britain will honor its financial obligations, but she did not mention the 20 billion euro figure reported in local media in the days running up to the speech.  She said little on Ireland, beyond noting that no one wanted a return to a  hard border  with British-ruled Northern Ireland that could reignite tensions on the island. Barnier said her words showed  a willingness to move forward, as time is of the essence , but that they needed to be  translated into a precise negotiating position of the UK government . But the head of the European Parliament s biggest group, the center-right European People s Party, Manfred Weber, said May s speech had brought no more clarity.  I am even more concerned now,  he added. British opposition lawmakers were not impressed, with the Labour Party saying the government was  no clearer about what our long-term relationship with the EU will look like.   Trade union leader Frances O Grady said the prime minister was pretending that  we can have our cake and eat it,  while a business lobby, the British Chambers of Commerce, underlined its desire to  get trade talks moving . It was never going to be an easy speech, with May struggling to appeal simultaneously to the EU, to business and to the supporters of Brexit in her own party who want to hold her to her pledge of a clean break with the bloc.  It s clear that we re out,  one senior Conservative source said, adding that he was pleased to hear May agree that no deal was better than a bad deal. The speech comes at the start of a crucial week for Europe.  On Sunday, German voters are expected to return conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel to power but also vault euroskeptic parties into parliament, including the Alternative for Germany (AfD), whose nationalist, anti-immigrant ideas echo those of Britain s UKIP party, a driving force behind Brexit.  Two days later, French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to flesh out his ideas for a  relaunch  of the EU and euro zone, underscoring the bloc s determination to press ahead with a closer union that excludes the UK. Britain and the EU do agree on one thing: The clock is ticking, with Barnier saying there is only a year left to find an agreement to give Britain a controlled exit. May s ill-fated decision to have an election in June not only used up time but also sapped her authority and gave a stronger hand to pro-Brexit lawmakers who want a total break with the bloc and to reduce any divorce bill to zero. May s top team of ministers put on a show of unity in Florence - with foreign minister Boris Johnson, one of Britain s most prominent hardline Brexit politicians and a one-time leadership contender, sitting in the front row.  I think what was so uplifting about this speech was it was positive; it was confident about what Britain can do but also about our relations with the rest of the EU,  Johnson said. ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
Charlottesville violence tests Trump's presidential mettle,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - For President Donald Trump, this was the week when the real world began to intrude upon his presidency.  The violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, between white nationalists and counter-protesters confronted Trump with perhaps the first true domestic crisis of his young administration. And to some, even within his own Republican Party, he came up short.  It followed days of blustery threats toward North Korea that rattled some Americans and unnerved allies. Both are the kinds of white-knuckle challenges that define presidents - and which Trump largely has avoided during the first months of his tenure.  As images of rising tensions and a deadly car rampage in Charlottesville filled TV screens nationwide, the president was criticized first for waiting too long to address the violence and then, when he did so, failing to explicitly condemn the white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee. [nL2N1KY033] Marco Rubio, a Republican senator who was Trump’s rival for the presidential nomination, quickly suggested Trump’s initial response was inadequate. On Twitter, Rubio wrote that it was, “Very important for the nation to hear [Trump] describe events in Charlottesville for what they are: a terror attack by #whitesupremacists.” While Trump has had to deal with the pressures of the federal probe into Russian meddling in last year’s election, disarray in his White House, and conflicts with Congress over his stalled agenda, there are have been few external crises that have tested his presidential mettle.  By contrast, his predecessor, Barack Obama, inherited a severe economic downturn during his first year in office, and would go on to face, among other tests, a catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, Middle East upheaval, terror attacks in Boston, Orlando, and elsewhere, and civil unrest in Ferguson, Missouri and Baltimore, Maryland.  Trump has spent this week at his tony golf club in New Jersey, attempting to show the American public that he is indeed working and not vacationing. He held one event after the other, while answering media questions with an approachability he hasn’t shown for months. Yet, when news of the situation in Charlottesville first started filtering out on Friday, Trump was silent. He first addressed the matter — through a tweet — on Saturday afternoon, after a planned white-supremacist rally had been dispersed, fights had broken out, and a state of emergency declared.  By the time Trump finally appeared before reporters at a staged bill-signing event at his club, footage of a car speeding up and slamming into a crowd of protesters had swamped social media and cable networks, raising the specter of domestic terrorism. At least one woman in the car’s path died and several people suffered critical injuries. At a podium, Trump read a statement rebuking the violence, but without specifically mentioning or faulting the role of white nationalists.   “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides - on many sides,” Trump said.  He also took the occasion to boast about declining unemployment and new corporate investment in the United States. Afterwards, he ignored shouted questions from reporters as to whether he would denounce white supremacism and whether the car incident constituted terrorism.  Beyond Rubio, Trump’s response apparently also was not enough for Senator Cory Gardner, who chairs the Republican Party’s Senate-election effort. “Mr. President, we must call evil by its name,” he tweeted. “These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.” Republican Orrin Hatch, who has served as a senator for 40 years, referenced his brother, who was killed in World War II. “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn’t give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home,” he said on Twitter.  Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said that Trump had not demonstrated moral leadership. “There are NOT many sides to this,” he wrote.  Trump tweeted several more times after the press event, offering support to the city of Charlottesville and the police but still declining to critique the violence in more explicit terms. Both as a candidate and as president, Trump has met with charges that he has courted the support of white supremacists and nationalists, the so-called “alt-right,” as a key part of his passionate voter base. He was forced at one point last year to publicly denounce the Ku Klux Klan and one of its leaders, David Duke. After Trump was elected, he installed Steve Bannon, a trusted figure in nationalist circles and former chairman of the hard-right outlet Breitbart News, as a top adviser in the White House. ",politicsNews,"August 13, 2017 ",1
Senate Judiciary chairman asks how Russian lawyer who met Trump Jr. entered U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, chairman of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, asked the U.S. administration on Tuesday how the Russian lawyer who met President Donald Trump’s son in New York in June 2016 was allowed to enter the United States. Grassley, in a letter to Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said U.S. permission for the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, to travel to the United States had been set to expire on Jan. 7, 2016, and her request for an extension had been denied, Grassley’s office said in a statement. ",politicsNews,"July 12, 2017 ",1
MEDIA IGNORES POST ON FACEBOOK From Man Who Threatened To Blow Up CA Mosque: “Hillary Would Make A Great President”,"Of course in their blind rage for the conservative Right, the media did everything in their power to blame this sick person s actions on who else the GOP frontrunner and one of the Tea Party favorites, Donald J. Trump The mainstream media are reporting that a Bay Area plumber who allegedly planned to bomb a California mosque was a Donald Trump supporter though he explicitly supported Hillary Clinton.On Sunday, police arrested 55-year-old William Celli  on suspicion of possessing an explosive device and making criminal threats,  CBS San Francisco reported. A bomb squad detonated a device at his house. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) cheered the arrest.CBS elaborated further:  On Facebook, Celli repeatedly praised Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whose plan to bar any Muslims from entering the United States has drawn criticism even as he continues to rise in the polls. The Huffington Post and other left-wing sites played up Celli s support of Trump, implying that Trump was responsible for  propelling  bigotry and  white domestic terrorism  into the  mainstream  of political debate.What the media left out, however, is that Celli also praised Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.In one post, Celli wrote:  Hillary Would make a great president. If she would commit to what she is hiding. But she has to crucify the president. Then her run for the White house is over. Via: Breitbart News",left-news,"Dec 22, 2015",0
White House welcomes Supreme Court ruling on electricity markets rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to uphold a federal rule for electricity markets that encouraged grid operators to pay large users to reduce consumption at peak times is good news for consumers and clean energy, the White House said on Monday. “This decision allows us to continue realizing billions in annual savings from innovative incentives and business models that ensure we use our electricity system efficiently as we integrate more energy efficiency and renewable energy onto the power grid,” White House spokesman Frank Benenati said in a statement. ",politicsNews,"January 25, 2016 ",1
Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s administration said on Monday he would veto legislation seeking to block financial transactions related to the export of passenger aircraft to Iran, saying it would undermine the nuclear deal implemented early this year. The legislation in the House of Representatives is the latest Republican-led effort to stop the sale of aircraft to Iran by Airbus and Boeing Co, allowed under the nuclear deal. The White House said U.S. partners would view the bill, if implemented, as a violation of the nuclear agreement. The United States plus Britain, Russia, France, China and Germany agreed to lift sanctions if Iran would curtail its nuclear program. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country’s elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure would bar the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction by a U.S. financial institution related to the export, or re-export, of commercial aircraft to Iran. And it would revoke any authorities enacted before the bill passed, such as those that allowed the Boeing and Airbus sales. The measure also limits the role of Export-Import Bank financing of sales to Iran. Some banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the U.S. financial system for Iranian business. The House is expected to take up, and pass, the measure as soon as this week. It is not expected to get through the Senate, where it would need Democratic support to advance. Lawmakers expect more efforts to stop the aircraft sale, and the broader Iran deal, after Donald Trump becomes U.S. president in January. Trump has been critical of the nuclear agreement, which is seen by Obama supporters as one of the Democratic president’s signature foreign policy achievements. ",politicsNews,"November 15, 2016 ",1
Baseball field shooting shakes American symbol of fair play,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The gunshots that ripped through a congressional Republican team practice early Wednesday on a Virginia baseball field not only shook the U.S. Capitol but also upended what many Americans consider a symbol of fair play and summer fun. Before he was killed, a gunman shot and wounded a senior Republican House leader and several others getting ready on an Alexandria, Virginia, field for a charity game between Republicans and Democrats on Thursday in nearby Washington, D.C. The annual Congressional Baseball Game charity event, where Senate and House members from both parties face off together, has raised $600,000 for the Boys and Girls Club, the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation and the Washington Literacy Center, according to several lawmakers and event organizers. The game at Nationals Park may be one of the last vestiges of cooperation between the two sides in the nation’s capital, where some believe partisan politics is at an all-time high.   “There’s such a hatefulness in what we see in American politics and policy discussions right now ... this has got to stop,” Representative Rodney Davis, a Republican team member, told CNN in an interview while still wearing his baseball cleats and practice clothes. Davis said the congressional game was a great demonstration that Democrats and Republicans could still get along. “We have fun,” said a visibly upset Davis. “I never thought I’d play a baseball game for charity, got to practice at 6:30 in the morning and have to dodge bullets.” The gun violence early on Wednesday scarred what is for many almost sacred American ground - the baseball field. Considered America’s so-called national pastime, the game dates back to the 1800s even as it now competes heavily with other popular sports including football and basketball. “I’ve always felt safe on a baseball field, and now I don’t know if I’ll ever feel safe on a baseball field again,” Representative Chuck Fleischmann, also at the shooting scene, told CNN.  The grassy field once known for roasted peanuts and hot dogs now instead conjures images of a battlefield, fellow Republican Brad Wenstrup, an Army Reserve officer, said on Twitter.  “You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq, but this morning it did,” wrote Wenstrup, a congressman from Ohio.  When congressional members were told in a bipartisan briefing that Thursday’s baseball game would still be held despite the shooting, they leapt to their feet in a standing ovation, Republican Representative Martha McSally told Reuters. “Tomorrow we’ll go out on the field, we’ll root for our team,” U.S. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi later told lawmakers from the chamber floor. “We will use this occasion as one that brings us together and not one that separates us further.” ",politicsNews,"June 14, 2017 ",1
State Department presses North Korea to release detained Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States holds North Korea accountable for its treatment of U.S. student Otto Warmbier and wants three other U.S. citizens detained by Pyongyang to be freed as soon as possible, the U.S. State Department said on Tuesday. “We hold North Korea accountable for Otto Warmbier’s unjust imprisonment,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing. Warmbier died on Monday days after being returned from North Korea in a coma after being imprisoned for 17 months. “We want to see three other Americans who were unjustly detained brought home as soon as possible,” Nauert said. ",politicsNews,"June 20, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: TRUMP Announces “Phenomenal” Tax Cut Plan For Businesses In Next 2-3 Weeks…Stock Markets Respond [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump said his administration would be announcing a  big league  tax cut that would lower the burden on businesses within the next two or three weeks.The revelation saw the Dow Jones industrial average rise around 115 points to a record, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most gains. Lowering the overall tax burden on American business is big league, that s coming along very well,  Trump said at the top of a White House meeting with airline industry executives Thursday.  We re way ahead of schedule, I believe. And we re going to be announcing something   I would say over the next two or three weeks   that will be phenomenal. The president s comment had an immediate effect on the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies.The administration had gotten pushback a day earlier from conservative web site proprietor Matt Drudge, an influential media figure who Trump regularly lauded during the campaign. Republican party should be sued for fraud. NO discussion of tax cuts now. Just lots of crazy. Back to basics, guys!  Drudge tweeted, on a day filled with fallout from the Senate effort to silence liberal Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren.Tax reform has also been a top priority for House Speaker Paul Ryan and others in the GOP congressional majority, which has been anxious to slash taxes and regulations now that it finally has an ally in the White House.Trump has pledged to cut the top corporate tax rate from 35 per cent to 15 per cent, but he offered no details on what his proposal might be. The value of the dollar against the Japanese yen jumped by 1 percentage point after the president s comments, Reuters reported. Airline stocks also spiked after the meeting. All three major market indexes jumped on news of the tax cut timetable.  Daily Mail ",left-news,"Feb 9, 2017",0
Hurricane relief efforts delay deployment of U.S. troops to Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. military assistance for hurricane relief efforts has delayed the deployment of additional forces to Afghanistan, the Pentagon said on Thursday.  Forces are flowing to Afghanistan, they have been slightly delayed by ongoing hurricane relief efforts,  Lieutenant General Kenneth McKenzie, joint staff director, told reporters.  U.S. officials have told Reuters that the United States will send about 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan. Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were battered by hurricanes Irma and Maria. Hurricane Maria knocked out power to Puerto Rico s 3.4 million residents last month, devastating the island s already dilapidated electric power infrastructure. There are about 11,000 U.S. troops assisting in relief efforts to Puerto Rico, along with a number of naval vessels, according to the Pentagon.  McKenzie added that relief efforts would also slow the deployment of the Wasp, an amphibious assault ship, to the Pacific at a time of heightened tension between North Korea and the United States. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said earlier this week that hurricane relief efforts could have an impact on troop deployments, but did not specifically mention Afghanistan.  We are ready to go even to the point that it s going to impact the deployments, perhaps, of some of these troops overseas next year, because we ve interrupted their preparation,  Mattis told a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing. ",worldnews,"October 5, 2017 ",1
CLASSLESS CLINTONS Spew Coordinated Lies Against Trump On Late Night Shows: Imply Trump is a Dictator [Video],"Bill Clinton went on the Conan show and spewed bitterness towards President Trump At one point, he insinuated that Trump is a  member of the dictator s Club . He and Conan are both guilty of slamming our president while he s overseas trying to deal with the North Koreans and Chinese. The left will never stop with their bashing of Trump on a very personal level. It s not about policy but about name calling and nasty political games. Can you imagine if Obama had been treated even remotely like this? At one point in the interview Clinton says he thinks Trump is  winging it What a jack wagon! This is a coordinated effort between the former president and his grifter wife to bash Trump. See the video below where Hillary claims she s worried about Trump s government Sure she is  Did you catch the propaganda Clinton spewed about how America needs to import more  immigrants ? This globalist is a traitor to Americans who are jobless. Do we really need to import more needy people? No! Bill and Hillary Clinton both went on late night shows to spew hate for President Trump. No class! These two grifters have been fleecing the American people for over 25 years! Can they just go away already? HILLARY SAYS SHE S WORRIED ABOUT TRUMP S GOVERNMENT: This was obviously a coordinated effort to bash Trump as inept. Shame on her!Did you notice the arrogance with both of these grifters? It s sickening!",left-news,"Nov 9, 2017",0
German minister urges EU to standardize asylum seeker benefits,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Social benefits for asylum seekers in Germany are  quite high  and they need to be harmonized across Europe, the country s interior minister was quoted on Saturday as saying, two weeks before a national election in which immigration is a key issue. Thomas de Maiziere belongs to Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, who are expected again to emerge as the biggest party after the Sept. 24 election despite losing some support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD). The right-wing AfD, which has tried to tap into public disquiet over Merkel s 2015 decision to open German borders to more than a million migrants, is expected to win up to 11 percent in the election and enter the federal parliament for the first time. In an interview published in the regional newspaper Rheinische Post, de Maiziere appeared to target voters particularly concerned by the migrant influx, saying asylum procedures and benefits for asylum seekers needed to be harmonized across the 28-nation European Union.  What we need next is a standardized asylum system in Europe and we re currently negotiating that in the EU - it can t be that the standards are so different in Romania, Finland, Portugal and Germany,  he said.  Germany is the country that most (asylum seekers) want to live in because the process and conditions for being accepted are relatively generous compared with other European countries and the benefits for refugees are quite high compared with other EU member countries,  he said. De Maiziere said a more harmonized system could involve possible subsidies for migrants to help cover higher living costs in countries such as Germany on top of a uniform amount agreed at the level of the EU. He also called for common legal standards, saying:  Asylum seekers here can drag out their deportation significantly more than they can elsewhere using various legal paths.  ",worldnews,"September 9, 2017 ",1
OBAMA AND UNION LEADERS SELL OUT AMERICAN WORKERS By Turning Illegal Alien Into Union Members,"This story just proves what we ve been saying all along. When it comes to unions, it s not about the members, it s about the union leadership and how they can increase their membership numbers (dues). Aiding union leadership in their quest to add members to flailing union membership numbers is just a way for Obama to keep the skids greased and ensure future contributions from one of the largest Democrat party donors (unions) in America. Congressional investigators say they ve uncovered another attempt by the Obama administration to aid illegal immigrants in the U.S.   this time, by teaching foreign workers lessons on union organizing.The National Labor Relations Board has entered into agreements with Mexico, Ecuador and the Philippines to teach workers from those countries in the United States their rights when it comes to union activity.The agreements reportedly don t distinguish between illegal and legal immigrants. But lawmakers are worried it s part of an effort to shield illegal immigrants specifically, by encouraging them to join a union and get protection.NLRB spokeswoman Jessica Kahanek explained to Fox News that under the National Labor Relations Act,  employees, whether documented or undocumented, are protected from retaliation due to union or other protected concerted activity. That means employers could be charged for dismissing an illegal immigrant worker   if the firing is determined to be tied to the worker s union activityHouse Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, a Republican from Virginia, argued illegal immigrant workers could soon learn to exploit the system, creating a catch-22 for businesses. They could instead be charged with violating the National Labor Relations Act because someone will claim that they re doing it because the individual is engaged in unionization activities,  Goodlatte said.He also claimed the Obama administration was trying to keep the NLRB union education agreements, which were originally signed in 2013 and 2014, quiet. This is the first we ve learned of this and it s the first that news organizations have learned of this   and they didn t learn it because the administration came out and told them,  Goodlatte told Fox News. They learned about it because of leaked materials, and again, that is not the kind of transparency the American people expect of their government. An NLRB official, though, disputed the notion that the agreement was a  new development or something that was intentionally being kept out of the news. Yet it isn t just the NLRB that could view union activity as a shield for illegal immigrants.In June 2011, then-Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton issued a memo saying:  ICE officers, special agents and attorneys are reminded to exercise all appropriate discretion on a case-by-case basis when making detention and enforcement decisions in the cases . . . [of] individuals engaging in a protected activity related to civil or other rights (for example, union organizing). While this may serve as a way to boost union membership at a time when their numbers are trending downward, one activist said it will likely hurt U.S. citizen union members in the end. It seems that the union is almost selling out the interests of American workers and legal immigrant workers in order to boost its membership by appealing to illegal workers and getting the assistance of other countries in doing that,  Jessica Vaughan, of the Center for Immigration Studies, told Fox News.Via: FOX News",politics,"Apr 8, 2015",0
 This One Amazing Tweet CRUSHES Both Email-Gate And Racist Cop Murders In One Fell Swoop,"What do Hillary s emails and police murders of unarmed black citizens have to do with each other? Powerful white men, i.e. the powerful, white men who currently run Congress, who are absolutely pissed and screaming in ugly indignation at the fact that the FBI didn t recommend indicting Hillary for her emails, and the Department of Justice listened.One tweet, posted by @OhNoSheTwitnt, explains the connection as these powerful white men misdirecting their anger towards a scandal that isn t even a scandal:Imagine if powerful white men were as vocally outraged about an innocent black person being shot as they are about improper use of email.  OhNoSheTwitnt (@OhNoSheTwitnt) July 6, 2016How do you make this point better than that? If the GOP in Congress were half as angry about real injustice, and real problems, as they are about Hillary s emails, they might actually be able to get some real work done. If they were as angry about police shooting unarmed black men to death as they are about Hillary s emails, they might call for hearings and investigations into why that keeps happening, instead of investigating Hillary over and over, ad nauseam.Two men. Two days. Both black. Both unarmed. One in front of his child. Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. And conservatives everywhere repeatedly question what these two along with hundreds of others are doing to provoke the police. They denigrate Black Lives Matter. President Obama s anger is correctly focused. But Republicans?Well, they re talking about opening an investigation into whether Hillary lied under oath now, because she must be a criminal in some way, shape or form. They just have to find it. Four years and millions of taxpayer dollars have been wasted investigating Hillary for absolutely everything under the sun, but that s not enough for them.@OhNoSheTwitnt s point absolutely shreds the powerful, white men that run Congress, and run the GOP, in the most brilliant manner possible. Too bad the powerful white men who most need to think about this would rather focus their time, energy and taxpayer dollars on something that really doesn t fucking matter.Featured image by Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images and Twitter",News,"July 7, 2016",0
Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting – Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard’s Media Silence,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireFor the second time this week, Las Vegas police officials and the FBI have revised significant timeline details associated with the Las Vegas mass shooting. What does this latest change mean?*Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. While abuse of any kind is abhorrent, you have to wonder why the Las Vegas massacre has seemingly been flushed out of the mainstream coverage so rapidly following a media frenzy collapse of a Hollywood insider.Over the past 24 hours, independent reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them concerning details related to the Las Vegas shooting case. However, official confirmation of this aspect of the case is still pending.This story follows yet another major shift in the Las Vegas shooting timeline, as accounts on social media also suggest that some from independent media were kept out of the latest Las Vegas press conference.SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldIncredibly, police and FBI have once again revised timeline details associated with Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter   now stating that the guard s encounter with the suspected gunman started near the same time as the concert mass shooting.UNSURE: Lombardo looks down in doubt as overseer FBI special agent Aaron Rouse keeps a watchful eye over the struggling Sheriff.Watch below as a noticeably agitated Las Vegas Sheriff Joseph Lombardo, now claims that the 9:59 time frame is when Campos supposedly investigated a nearby door alarm on the 32nd floor as previously reported when this story first broke.The Las Vegas Review Journal confirms: The sheriff said Monday that Stephen Paddock shot Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos at 9:59 p.m., about six minutes before the gunman turned his weapons on the Route 91 Harvest festival crowd below his hotel suite. He previously reported Campos was shot after the attack on the concert crowd. Here s the latest LVMPD press conference concerning the Las Vegas mass shooting on October 13th One of the more disturbing aspects of the aftermath of the Las Vegas mass shooting has been the production of emotionally charged press conferences that have inundated viewers with endless canned talking points, constant revisions of timeline details and reversed statements   all serving to continually cloud the official story.Lombardo also lashed out at critics of the investigation: In the public space, the word  incompetence  has been brought forward,  he said.  And I am absolutely offended with that characterization.  (Review Journal)To the casual observer, you have to wonder why they haven t been able to keep a straight story. If the police are getting such basic elements of the story wrong   then the public has to ask: what else have they got wrong?This type of ritualized media grandstanding has become an almost mechanical hallmark following most large-scale  active shooter  and  first responder  events, as it usually dissolves into more of a media parade meant to convince the public of certain details of a crime   rather than address forensic anomalies which clearly don t add up.While law enforcement looks to tie up loose ends and shore up any early holes or bizarre theories, it s possible that a more thorough analysis of all the forensic data in the case will be pushed into the background, as any new information may be introduced to steer those critical of the official story.Over the past 24 hours, reports state that Campos, who was scheduled for at least five TV interviews, abruptly disappeared prior to those appearances. One such interview included a FOX News interview with Sean Hannity. This twist in the Las Vegas shooting has added another bizarre aspect to an already strange case. Here s FOX News below: The Mandalay Bay security guard shot by Stephen Paddock in the moments leading up to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was set to break his silence Thursday night with five television interviews, including one on Fox News, Campos  union president said.Except when the cameras were about to roll, and media gathered in the building to talk to him, Campos reportedly bolted, and, as of early Friday morning, it wasn t immediately clear where he was. We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash. The motive for the Las Vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear *** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",US_News,"October 13, 2017",0
 Bundy Terrorists Claim God Told Them To Act Like Toddlers And Take Over Wildlife Refuge,"Ammon Bundy and his wayward crew of temper tantrum-throwing white guys with guns are now claiming that God talked to them and told them to seize the federal wildlife refuge.On Friday, Bundy told a meeting of fellow right-wing domestic terrorists that he refuses to end the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge because  the Lord  told him to go there in the first place. I was asked to do this by the Lord. I did it how he told me to do it. It sounds like Bundy and his band are suffering from a form of mental illness. Because the Mormon church that Bundy is a member of sure doesn t agree with him.In a statement earlier this month, officials from the Church of Latter-day Saints rejected Bundy s claim that his seizure of federal property had anything to do with religion. Church leaders strongly condemn the armed seizure of the facility and are deeply troubled by the reports that those who have seized the facility suggest that they are doing so based on scriptural principles. This armed occupation can in no way be justified on a scriptural basis. Exactly, and that is why we can no longer tolerate this armed occupation. Bundy and his pals are committing treason and domestic terrorism. They have illegally carried guns on federal property, along with breaking and entering and threatening violence against federal officials. They have forced the town of Burns to live in fear as schools and businesses are closed to avoid putting innocent children and adults in harm s way.If Bundy and his group were a bunch of armed black people or Muslims, federal and local law enforcement would have already riddled the building with bullets on the first day and Ammon Bundy would look like Swiss cheese.But because these guys are white rednecks with guns, law enforcement is giving them free reign to do as they please. Bundy thinks him and his buddies should be able to walk free when this is all over and they assume the government will give in to their demands. If that were to happen, nothing will stop these terrorists from becoming more emboldened in the future. Perhaps they ll set their sights on the Capitol building or the White House next.This armed takeover has been totally unjustified from the very beginning. Not only have Dwight and Steven Hammond, the arsonist ranchers whom Bundy says he is fighting for, rejected his cause, history and the law are firmly against him as well.Bundy claims the federal government stole the land from ranchers, but that is far from the case.According to Oregon Live, the federal government has legally held the title to all public lands in Oregon since it was a territory. After exhaustive research, the Supreme Court also ruled in 1902 and 1935 that this is the case. Furthermore, ranchers have willingly sold and been paid fair value for their land by the federal government to expand the wildlife reserve over the years.In short, the Bundys do not have religion, history, nor the law on their side. They are terrorists, pure and simple, and they need to be arrested and thrown in prison, or treated just like we have treated terrorists in the Middle East, who ironically enough also claim religion justifies their cause.Featured Image: WMUR",News,"January 9, 2016",0
"WATCH: MUSLIM MAYOR Of Rotterdam, Holland To Muslim Immigrants, “If you can’t accept freedom, f*ck off”","Freedom is under attack across the globe. Radical Muslims are committing horrendous acts of violence against innocent people around the world. Meanwhile, the Left demands we don t identify the faith of the terrorists, for fear of offending them. It s time to fight back America. The Netherlands, France, and the Uk are our future.Moroccan born Mayor of Rotterdam, Ahmed Aboutaleb grew up in a very poor family. His family came to Holland at the age of 15. He has no tolerance for liberals who try to justify the violent actions of  poor  Muslims. He has taken a hard line in the city of Rotterdam, which has been overrun with Muslim migrants who have no intention of assimilating. Here is his open, honest and some would say stunning response to the Muslims who attacked the Charlie Hebdoe publication in Paris:https://youtu.be/Jped8eVIZoEMayor Aboutaleb is not the only one speaking out against the Muslim invasion of the Netherlands.Geert Wilders, Party for Freedom leader in the Netherlands appears on trial against free speech for speaking the truth about the invasion of Muslim migrants in the Netherlands who refuse to assimilate. He has been chased down and has had his life threatened by radical Muslims for the past 11 years. His story should send shockwaves through America, but alas, our media does everything they can to ignore his message. Those in the media who highlight him, do it in such a way as to make him out to be a villain and hater, much like they have tried to do to Donald Trump for saying we need to stop the flow of Muslim migrants into America until we can properly vet them.Watch Geert Wilders chilling  Orwellian  testimony here:Here is an example of the hate and vitriol Geert Wilders, the brave leader of the Freedom Party in the Netherlands is facing on a regular basis: ",Government News,"Mar 22, 2016",0
NEW BENGHAZI E-MAILS DISCOVERED RAISING NEW QUESTION OF WHO WITHHELD THEM,"WAS IT HILLARY OR THE STATE DEPARTMENT? We know that Cheryl Mills and others at the State Department have been protecting Hillary all along so hopefully we ll get to the bottom of this. We also know that Clinton, Mills, and Abedin should have undergone IT security training at State, and that their apparent failure to do so is part of a  systemic problem.  In the mean time, Sydney Blumenthal is scheduled to testify before the Benghazi committee on Tuesday. The plot thickens House GOP Benghazi investigators have discovered additional Libya communications between Sidney Blumenthal and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a congressional source told POLITICO   suggesting that either the State Department or the 2016 Democratic presidential contender withheld correspondence the panel had requested.Blumenthal   a longtime Clinton family friend who is set to testify before the committee behind closed doors Tuesday morning   recently gave the House Select Committee on Benghazi his Libya-related emails after the panel had quietly subpoenaed them.Among those were several emails concerning Libya between Blumenthal and Clinton that had not been previously turned over by State. Panel Republicans, the source says, are pushing to release the emails as early as tomorrow but may need Democrats to agree to do so under committee rules. Clinton has said she gave all her work-related correspondence, kept on her personal email server, to the State Department. State was then tasked with going through the emails and giving the panel relevant correspondence. Department officials turned up about 300 emails related to the attack on the Benghazi diplomatic compound that left four Americans dead. Read more: POLITICO",Government News,"Jun 15, 2015",0
"China customs handles 2,773 cases of smuggling from January-October: paper","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese customs authorities handled 2,773 cases of smuggling in the first 10 months of this year, part of a nationwide crackdown, the China Daily reported on Friday citing a senior official. The 2017  Sword Guarding the Country s Gate  campaign netted 233 smuggling cases involving weapons and ammunition, 474 cases related to illegal drugs and 86 related to endangered species, according to Huang Songping, a spokesman with China s General Administration of Customs. He said 56 of the cases involved rice smuggling, with traders trying to avoid paying duties on imports worth a total of 1.6 billion yuan ($242.09 million). Previous cases this year involved the import of Thai white sugar, with nine arrested for trying to evade customs inspections by disguising their ship as a domestic vessel and entering the port of Yancheng, which is not open to overseas traffic. China also cracked down on an oil smuggling ring in which a criminal gang bought 400 million yuan worth of overseas oil products and sold it to gas stations in Zhejiang province, the customs authority said in a notice last month. China s environment ministry said this week that as many as 259 people had been arrested this year for smuggling more than 300,000 tonnes of foreign waste into the country for recycling and reprocessing.     ",worldnews,"December 1, 2017 ",1
"U.S., Mexico nearing deal on sugar: Mexico's Guajardo","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and Mexico are close to announcing that they have struck a deal on sugar trade, Mexican Minister of Economy Ildefonso Guajardo said in an interview on CNBC on Tuesday. Guajardo told CNBC the agreement would likely be announced at a planned news conference later on Tuesday with U.S.  Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross after negotiators worked on minor technicalities overnight.  ",politicsNews,"June 6, 2017 ",1
Turkey detains 136 for suspected ties to coup plotters: agency,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey detained 136 people, including former police, teachers and soldiers, in four separate operations on Thursday over suspected links to last year s attempted military coup, the state-run Anadolu news agency said. Authorities detained 60 former security officials in the operation centered in the capital Ankara and spread over 30 provinces, Anadolu said. In a separate operation that began on Wednesday and centered on Diyarbakir and spread over 26 other provinces, 55 soldiers were detained, Anadolu said. Officials were still searching for one more suspect. Six others were detained in the northern provinces of Samsun and Karabuk, as well as 15 teachers in Ankara, Anadolu said. The suspects were alleged to be using the encrypted messaging app, ByLock, which the government says was used by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Ankara blames Gulen, for orchestrating the failed coup in July 2016. Gulen has denied involvement and denounced the putsch. More than 50,000 people, including police, military personnel and civil servants, have been jailed pending trial in the aftermath of the July 2016 coup. Some 150,000 people were sacked or suspended. The crackdown has alarmed Turkey s Western allies and rights groups, who say President Tayyip Erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to muzzle dissent. The government says the measures, taken under emergency rule that was imposed after the coup, are necessary due to the security threats Turkey faces. ",worldnews,"November 16, 2017 ",1
Facebook’s New ‘Proactive’ AI to Scan Posts for Suicidal Thoughts,"21st Century Wire says Facebook is rolling out its latest artificial intelligence bot with the hope that the software will save lives, according to CEO Mark Zuckerberg. The social media juggernaut will use a special algorithm to flag posts that fit a certain pattern, then route them to a human being that can escalate early intervention.The idea of  proactive detection  can be a slippery slope. What else are these Facebook bots flagging, and who else is mining that information?Read more at TechCrunch READ MORE AI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire AI FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"November 28, 2017",0
BORDER SHERIFF: The New Norm Is Lawless Wide Open Border [Video],"This has just got to end! We have kids pouring across our border and they are not going home. It s a literal invasion with the Obama administration s approval.Pinal County, AZ Sheriff and Congressional candidate Paul Babeu (R) stated,  just the last two months alone, we ve had 10,000 unaccompanied juveniles  who are  staying here  and that  the Obama administration says the border is wide open, that there is no law it comes to immigration  on Monday s  Cavuto: Coast to Coast  on the Fox Business Network. He added,  We re a compassionate nation. We always have been. And this is where I m tired of being shouted down by President Obama, like somehow we re not good Americans if we don t do everything that he says we should to do. And we ve had a million legal immigrants last year, and we do this every year.  Babeu continued,  I think it s the most compassionate thing we can do, is reunite them with their families in Central America. What America should be doing is finding ways to solve the problems of violence in Central America, support their governments, because if we don t solve that core problem, this isn t going to end. We re going to have this problem next month, next year, and then we own these people, and all the social network to support them for their entire lives. Because if you think that these kids are going anywhere, think again. They re staying here. Babeu further argued,  our compassion, there has to be a limit to this. And we don t see people in Europe, in the countries there, taking kids   refugees from central america, yet everybody wants us to take Syrian refugees from halfway across the world. So, where s the fairness here? Via: Breitbart",left-news,"Dec 21, 2015",0
 Man Almost Dies On Flight Because Crew Didn’t Think Black Women Can Be Doctors,"A man almost lost his life on a flight out of Detroit because of a racist flight crew member who apparently forgot that it s 2016 and black women are allowed to be doctors. I know, it seems shocking to someone with that mindset, but we re pretty much over the who  not allowing someone to follow their dreams and live up to their potential because of their skin color  thing. Unfortunately, the crew of Delta flight DL945 didn t get the memo.When a passenger became unresponsive during the flight, the crew leaped into action looking for a doctor   and Dr. Tamika Cross would have done so as well, if they thought someone with her dark complexion was capable of being a medical professional. On Facebook, Cross vented her frustration with representatives of the airline:When Cross initially attempted to inform the crew she was a doctor by raising her hand as she was asked, she was flatly told her silly dark-skinned medical knowledge was useless to them   even though a man was dying. Oh no sweetie put ur hand down, we are looking for actual physicians or nurses or some type of medical personnel, we don t have time to talk to you,  Cross says a flight attendant informed her, overtalking her attempts to explain that she is a licensed medical professional with condescension. Any physician on board please press your button  the crew urged, as no one but Cross had responded. She pushed her button.  Oh wow you re an actual physician?  the flabbergasted crew member asked before demanding to see Cross s credentials and asking a series of questions that should not be asked when a man is dying and time is of the essence:   What type of doctor are you? Where do you work? Why were you in Detroit? Fortunately, a white man stepped forward to save the day because the crew obviously was having a tough time finding a doctor who met their qualifications (apparently white skin being the qualification). Cross was told  thanks for your help but he can help us, and he has his credentials.  He did not, in fact, show the crew anything, Cross points out in her post.After Mr. White Doctor saved the day, the same crew member had the nerve to come to Cross with questions about treatment before ultimately  apologizing  for her blatantly racist behavior and trying to bribe Cross with skymiles. Cross refused.Unfortunately, while we have made great progress, we still have a long way to go in terms of race relations in America   and Delta is not going to have a very good week trying to make this problem go away.Featured image via Facebook",News,"October 14, 2016",0
" No, Conservatives, The ‘Golden Showers’ Trump Story Isn’t An Elaborate 4Chan Hoax","This one s going to hurt, conservatives, so be prepared for it. You know how you have been triumphantly celebrating reports on Gateway Pundit (the same site that created a fake story about Michael Brown fracturing Officer Darren Wilson s eye socket) and other right-wing propaganda farms that the entire story about Trump s campaign colluding with Russia directly and Trump hiring a couple of nice ladies to pee on his bed was manufactured by trolls on 4Chan? Sorry, guys, no such luck.Lying sh*tbag and  dumbest man on the internet  (Google it) Jim Hoft writes:According to 4Chan these documents were created by a 4Chan user and sent to anti-Trumper Rick Wilson knowing he would act on this tip:4Chan discussed this tonight:** Political hacks emailed documents to #NeverTrump jackass Rick Wilson about Trump making people piss on a bed. ** Rick Wilson thought it was real and gave it to leftists at the CIA ** The CIA of the USA put this in their official classified intelligence report on Russian involvement in the US election ** Donald Trump and Obama were both given private sessions with the CIA to discuss this. ** The CIA concluded that the Russians plan to blackmail Trump with this story we made upThe 4Chan users then link to this:So they took what I told Rick Wilson and added a Russian spy angle to it.They still believe it. Guys, they re truly fucking desperate   there s no remaining Trump scandal that s credible.Then there s this  If these journalists were real journalists and not fake journalists then they would have found that the original documents did not conform to CIA or UK intelligence requirements. It looks like the liberal mainstream media got punked   again,  Hoft celebrates in his latest drivel.  If this is how easy it is to fool the liberal media then I m going to have my niece start sending them her Harry Potter fan fictions as long as she writes  Confidential / Sensitive Source  at the top. The right-wing  journalist s  fans chimed in, almost as ecstatic as Donald Trump watching some nice ladies pee upon hearing the news that the liberal media had fake newsed the Benghazi or whatever their current lingo is. But not so fast, conservatives!If the header is an issue, let s keep in mind that it has been made clear from the beginning that this report was not issued by MI6. It was issued by someone who is former MI6 and probably has his own style of header. That entire argument is dead from the get-go. But the post is from November 1,  you might say. Yes, this is true that the post predates the full release of the information, but Mother Jones has been reporting on this for longer than that. In fact, it seems that the post in question was meant to discredit that much lighter report and has simply been repurposed as a matter of convenience. Mother Jones previously did not release the full details   including the  golden showers  bit   because it had not been confirmed, but has since done so as the information has been released elsewhere. But how could they know the source, then, if he was confidential,  you ask as your eyes dart rapidly back and forth searching for something   anything   to salvage your ridiculous claim that internet trolls fooled multiple intelligence agencies. Here s the thing   the post didn t identify the source. The post identified who the poster thought was the source, but Wilson has been very clear he is not the source.You're wrong if you believe1. What we had came from /pol.2. That I was Buzzfeed's source.Try again, boys.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) January 11, 2017 I ll settle it this way; if   arguendo   I had been their source, I hereby release the authors of the story, its editors, and BuzzFeed generally from any off-the-record/background protections of anonymity I would have asked for,  Wilson wrote in a long post regarding the allegations. No one has updated the story to name him as the source, so that s pretty well settled. Naturally, he included a stab at conservatives for calling this  fake news  while believing actual fake news:The real shame of this entire situation is that we re wasting valuable time Trump could be using to uncover the real secrets of John Podesta and Hillary Clinton s PizzaGate global child kidnapping and cannibalism ring. You know, the important stuff. But, but, but,  you stammer in desperation? Fine. We ll just ask you to consider that the intelligence community does know the identity of the source, has worked with him in the past, and considers him to be credible.Will this stop you, conservatives, from sharing your ridiculous claims that this is  FAKE NEWS  and a  POLITICAL WITCH HUNT  as Donald Trump put it? Of course not   but you re going to look even more stupid when you do.Featured image via Getty Images/Alex Wong",News,"January 11, 2017",0
Second group of refugees to leave Australian camp for U.S. resettlement,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A second group of about 30 refugees held in Australian-run detention centers on South Pacific islands will leave soon for resettlement in the United States under a controversial refugee swap deal, a U.S. official said on Tuesday. The first group of 22, including men from Bangladesh, Sudan and Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar, left one of the camps on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea on Sunday. They were due to board a plane from Port Moresby to Manila later on Tuesday on their way to the United States. Beverly Thacker, public affairs officer for the U.S. embassy in Papua New Guinea, said a second group would leave soon from the other center on the tiny island of Nauru.  I understand the group of refugees from Nauru will fly via Port Moresby before traveling on to the United States on Wednesday,  she said. Australia agreed on a deal with former U.S. President Barack Obama late last year under which up to 1,250 refugees held in the Australian camps will be offered residency. In return, Australia agreed to resettle several dozen Central American refugees. Those refugees were expected to arrive in Australia within weeks. U.S. President Donald Trump has described the deal as  dumb  but begrudgingly said he will honor it. Concerns persist, however, that many of the refugees in the Australian-run camps will not be offered U.S. resettlement, with the Trump administration vowing that only those who satisfy  extreme vetting  will be approved. Nearly 2,000 men, women and children are held on Manus island and Nauru, where most of them have been awarded refugee status. Despite their refugee status, many of those on Nauru and Manus island have been held for four years in conditions widely criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups. Under Canberra s hardline immigration policy, asylum-seekers intercepted at sea trying to reach Australia are sent for processing on Manus island and Nauru and are told they will never be settled in Australia. ",worldnews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
Key U.S. Senate committee leaders say Russia sanctions must remain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican and Democrat on the U.S. Senate Banking Committee both said on Wednesday that sanctions imposed on Russia over its involvement in Ukraine must not be lifted without drastic changes by Russia. Senator Mike Crapo, the panel’s Republican chairman, said reducing sanctions could encourage Moscow to continue aggressive actions, three years after it annexed Ukraine’s Crimea region. Senator Sherrod Brown, the ranking Democrat, said the panel should look at increasing sanctions. “Russia remains a hostile, recalcitrant power, deploying its military, cyber-enabled information espionage activities and economic tactics to harm the United States and drive a wedge between it and its allies,” Crapo said. President Donald Trump’s fellow Republicans and Democrats in congress have both expressed concern that Trump might reduce sanctions on Russia imposed under his predecessor, Democratic former President Barack Obama, because of Trump’s expressed desire to improve relations with Moscow. Trump has said he intends, at least for now, to maintain U.S. sanctions. Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced from that position last month after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Moscow’s ambassador to the United States before Trump took office. Brown noted a report by U.S. intelligence agencies concluding that Russia sought to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election on Trump’s behalf. He said the committee should focus on how it can strengthen its response to Russia. Russia denies any attempt to influence the U.S. election result. “We should strengthen, not weaken, Russian sanctions, and the president must work with Congress on a Russia policy that is clear-eyed about our adversaries and their behavior,” Brown said in his opening statement at the hearing. Brown also said a surge in violence in Ukraine since Trump was elected president in November is a test by Moscow of the U.S. resolve to support the Kiev government and the Ukrainian people. ",politicsNews,"March 15, 2017 ",1
MTV Releases Racist ‘Hey Fellow White Guy’s Video’…Social Media Goes Crazy! [Video], ,politics,"Dec 21, 2016",0
White House budget chief expects to release budget next Wednesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Wednesday he expects that he will be releasing the Trump administration’s fiscal 2018 federal budget plans on March 15. Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, told MSNBC: “I think we’ll actually release the budget a week from today.”  ",politicsNews,"March 8, 2017 ",1
Opponents of Cruz White House bid take case to N.Y. appeals panel,"ALBANY, N.Y. (Reuters) - Lawyers for two New York residents seeking to throw Ted Cruz off next month’s presidential primary ballot in the state urged an Appeals Court panel on Wednesday to consider whether the U.S. senator from Texas is eligible given his Canadian birth. The case put forward by New York residents Barry Korman, 81, of Manhattan and William Gallo, 85, of Manhasset, had been dismissed by a Supreme Court judge earlier this month because it was filed after a procedural deadline. Lawyers Roger Bernstein and Judith Hancock urged the five judges of the Appellate Division of New York to consider the merits of their case to block Cruz from the April 19 New York state primary election. The objectors attached Cruz’s birth certificate showing he was born in December 1970 in Calgary, Alberta. Bernstein told the panel the primary ballot must only contain constitutionally eligible presidential candidates, and argued the appeals judges should give greater weight to the importance of the issue than the missed deadline. Their petition to block Cruz came 19 days beyond the three-day limit after a candidate files a request to be placed on the ballot, Cruz’s lawyers said, adding that the objection should not go forward because it was tardy. The appeals judges are expected to rule later this week. The case is one of several similar challenges to Cruz’s eligibility to run for the White House - including lawsuits in Alabama, Illinois, Pennsylvania and Texas - filed since Republican front-runner Donald Trump brought up questions about whether Cruz meets the constitutional requirement to be president. The Constitution says that to be president, a person must be a “natural-born citizen” of the United States. Cruz has argued that he is eligible to run because of his mother’s U.S. citizenship, and many legal experts say it is unlikely any judge in the United States would block his presidential bid. The lawyers representing the New York objectors are also representing the appeal of Carmon Elliott, who is complaining about Cruz being on the ballot in Pennsylvania. ",politicsNews,"March 23, 2016 ",1
Taking a tough stance on summer: conservatives in U.S. House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives have taken a hard-line stance on yet another issue: the August recess. The House Freedom Caucus, known for bucking Republican leadership on legislation including healthcare, has taken an official position on the traditional five-week break Congress takes from Washington: They don’t want it. The Freedom Caucus supports “the House staying in session through the August recess to continue working to accomplish the priorities of the American people,” according to a brief statement the group issued late Tuesday. A spokeswoman for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, AshLee Strong, dismissed the idea of skipping the summer break. She said Republicans intend to stick to their agenda. Republicans control both the House and Senate, but Congress has failed to pass major legislation yet this year. Republican President Donald Trump urged legislative leaders on Tuesday to finish an overhaul of the healthcare system this summer. The White House also wants faster action on another Trump priority: tax cuts. But there are just seven weeks left until the August break - and one of them, the first week of July, Congress will be out to mark the July 4 Independence Day holiday. An attempt to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act passed the House in May but has not advanced in the Senate. Freedom Caucus leaders played a key role in first blocking the House healthcare legislation, then enabling it to pass after amendments were added allowing states to apply for waivers from insurance provisions that cover consumers with pre-existing conditions. ",politicsNews,"June 7, 2017 ",1
HILLARY COULDN’T FIND 125 WOMEN TO BUY TICKETS TO ‘Women Only’ FUNDRAISER…Forced To Sell Tickets To Men,"But what about Hillary being a  formidable opponent  when it comes to women voters? Hillary Clinton had trouble attracting high-powered women to a New York talk hosted by Silda Wall Spitzer two weeks before her campaign officially kicks off. Sources said that after ticket sales fizzled for an intimate, $2,700-per-person,  just for women  meeting on Monday, the event was thrown open to men at the 11th hour, and the deadline extended to buy tickets.The  Conversation With Hillary Clinton  event at Midtown law firm Akin Gump was originally aiming to attract 125 women. An email invitation seen by Page Six said the event is  just for women.  But by Friday,  They d only sold 50 tickets, so they threw it open to men,  a source said.  Ticket sales were supposed to close at 10 a.m. Sunday, but the hostesses were working the phones and pushed the deadline till Monday. We hear about 90 attendees included former Bill Clinton aide Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney and his husband, Randy Florke, Maurice Tempelsman, Jill Braufman (wife of hedge funder Daniel Nir), Jean Shafiroff and Susan Cole. The event began at noon, but Clinton arrived at 1 p.m. in  a royal blue jacket and black pants.  She then took pictures with donors and delivered a half-hour speech before leaving at about 2 p.m.Silda introduced Clinton as a  tough, authentic leader,  which is probably more than she can say about her hard-charging ex Eliot. In a possible nod to her host, Clinton quoted Eleanor Roosevelt, quipping,  Every woman in public life needs to develop skin as tough as rhinoceros hide. Topics included  clean energy,  mental health care for college kids, keeping but  revising  ObamaCare, Vladimir Putin, and America s heroin and meth  epidemic. Meanwhile, on Monday, journalists covering Clinton met in Washington, DC, to grouse about inadequate access to the candidate. When we reached out to a local Clinton campaign rep who helped organize the event, she referred us to Clinton s deputy national press secretary, who referred us to her  rapid response spokesperson,  who, not surprisingly, had no comment.Via: NY Post",politics,"Jun 2, 2015",0
"Trump's FBI pick vows independence, says Russia probe no 'witch hunt'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s pick to head the FBI, Christopher Wray, on Wednesday said he would refuse to pledge loyalty to Trump, rejected his description of the probe into Russian election meddling as a “witch hunt,” and vowed to quit if asked by the president to do something unlawful. Wray, nominated by Trump on June 7 to replace the fired James Comey as Federal Bureau of Investigation director, sought to stake out independence from the president and protect the agency from partisan political influence. Wray even said it would be “highly unlikely” he would agree to meet Trump in a one-on-one situation, as Comey reluctantly did. Wray, who seemed headed for U.S. Senate approval to fill the 10-year post, testified during a 4 1/2-hour hour Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing amid an uproar in Washington over 2016 emails released on Tuesday involving the president’s son, Donald Trump Jr. The emails showed the Republican president’s son agreeing last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father. Wray deflected specific questions from Republican Senator Lindsey Graham about the president’s son’s emails, saying he had not read them. But Wray said, “Any threats or effort to interfere with our election from any nation-state or any non-state actor is the kind of thing the FBI would want to know.” Trump’s son did not notify the FBI and wrote “I love it” about the Russian’s offer of information on Clinton. Trump fired Comey on May 9, igniting a political firestorm, and later cited the “Russia thing” as his reason. The Justice Department eight days later named Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential race to help Trump win and potential collusion between Moscow and Trump associates. The Russia matter has dogged Trump’s first six months in office. Wray said he had no reason to doubt the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia interfered in part by hacking and releasing emails damaging to Clinton, a claim Moscow denies. Wray worked at the Justice Department under Republican former President George W. Bush when Comey was deputy attorney general and Mueller was FBI director. Wray also represented New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in a political scandal. Trump has called the Russia probe a “witch hunt.” “I do not consider Director Mueller to be on a witch hunt,” Wray told Graham. Wray said he was “very committed” to supporting Mueller’s investigation, calling him a “consummate straight shooter and somebody I have enormous respect for.” Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein asked Wray to inform the committee “if you learn about any machinations to tamper with” Mueller’s probe. “Understood,” Wray responded. Wray said no one at the White House had asked that he pledge loyalty to Trump, as Comey said the president demanded of him on Jan. 26. Wray said he would not give such an assurance if asked. “My loyalty is to the Constitution, to the rule of law and to the mission of the FBI. And no one asked me for any kind of loyalty oath at any point during this process, and I sure as heck didn’t offer one,” Wray said. Comey previously told the same committee Trump pressed him in a one-on-one session to drop the FBI investigation into former national security advisor Michael Flynn’s ties to Russia. Comey said he felt he was fired in a bid by Trump to undercut the Russia probe. Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy asked Wray, “If the president asks you to do something unlawful or unethical, what do you say?” “First, I would try to talk him out of it. And if that failed, I would resign,” Wray replied. The allegation involving Trump pressing Comey on Feb. 14 over the Flynn probe raised questions about whether Trump’s behavior amounted to obstruction of justice, a potential issue in any potential future effort in Congress to impeach the president and remove him from office. Wray sought to differentiate himself from Comey. Wray was asked about Comey’s July 2016 news conference announcing that no criminal charges were planned against Clinton over her use of a private email server to handle classified information but faulting her conduct. “I can’t imagine a situation where as FBI director I would be giving a press conference on an uncharged individual, much less talk in detail about it,” Wray testified. Graham questioned Wray about a January report by the U.S. news organization Politico that a Ukrainian-American operative who was consulting for the Democratic National Committee had met with Ukrainian embassy officials in Washington in a bid to help Clinton and expose links between Trump, top campaign aide Paul Manafort and Russia. Wray said it would be wrong for Ukraine to meddle in the election and “I’d be happy to dig into it.” ",politicsNews,"July 12, 2017 ",1
Pope Francis consulted psychoanalyst in 1970s: book,"PARIS (Reuters) - Pope Francis saw a Jewish psychoanalyst once a week for six months during the 1970s and found the experience beneficial, the pontiff was quoted as saying in a new book.  For six months, I went to her once a week to shed light on certain things,  the Argentine pontiff said in a series of interviews with French sociologist Dominique Wolton, extracts from which were published by Le Figaro on Friday.  She was very good, very professional ... but she always remained in her proper place,  the 80-year-old said, adding he was aged 42 at the time.  She helped me a lot.  The excerpts released did not name the psychoanalyst or explain why the sessions had been originally set up. Francis said she had called him when she was on the verge of death,  not for sacraments, because she was Jewish, but for a spiritual dialogue . Francis, who has campaigned for a more open and inclusive Catholic Church, criticized  rigid priests, who are afraid of communicating .  It is a kind of fundamentalism. When I come across someone rigid, especially if they are young, I say to myself that they are sick. In reality, they are looking for security.  The book,  Pope Francis: Meetings with Dominique Wolton, Politics and Society  is due for publication by Les Editions de L Observatoire on Sept. 6. ",worldnews,"September 1, 2017 ",1
"U.S. loan to Puerto Rico a start, but more aid to come: official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. federal government is working on a long-term plan to help Puerto Rico rebuild after Hurricane Maria tore up the island territory’s power grid and other infrastructure three weeks ago, an administration official said on Wednesday. The U.S. House of Representatives is set to vote on Thursday on a disaster relief bill that includes a $4.9 billion loan for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands as part of a $36.5 billion package to help Americans recover from hurricanes and wildfires. But the loan is intended to be a short-term measure to help the cash-strapped island territory pay urgent bills, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. “The Community Disaster Loan cannot and does not address the recovery, rebuilding and future of Puerto Rico, which the administration intends to address with a more long-term solution in concert with the Puerto Rican government, oversight board, court and Congress,” the official said. The broader package set for the House vote includes $576.6 million for wildfire efforts, $16 billion for the National Flood Insurance program and a provision enabling low-income Puerto Ricans to receive emergency nutrition assistance. House Speaker Paul Ryan is set to travel to Puerto Rico on Friday with a bipartisan group of lawmakers to see the hurricane damage, a spokesman said. The White House last week asked government agencies to begin estimating how much money is needed to help hurricane-hit states and territories recover and rebuild. Puerto Rico, home to 3.4 million American citizens, is in a particular bind, already grappling with nearly $72 billion in debt before Hurricane Maria - the worst storm in almost a century - hit its shores. Estimates of the cost to its economy range as high as $95 billion. Puerto Rico’s Governor Ricardo Rossello has asked for $4.6 billion as a “down payment on hurricane recovery efforts,” including $3.2 billion in block grants. The oversight board charged with resolving Puerto Rico’s debt crisis told the U.S. Treasury Department that the island’s government would run out of money at the end of the month without help. The loan is earmarked for payroll and pensions, but cannot be used for debt service. ",politicsNews,"October 11, 2017 ",1
China says has made best effort on North Korea ahead of Trump visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior Chinese diplomat said on Friday China has made its best efforts to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula, ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s state visit to Beijing next week when he is expected to press China to do more on North Korea. Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said the North Korean nuclear issue would be an important topic up for discussion at the meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Trump. China firmly opposes conflict on the Korean peninsula and believes using force is not the correct way to resolve the issue, Zheng told reporters at a briefing in Beijing. China and the United States have a shared interest in peace and stability on the Korean peninsula, Zheng said. ",worldnews,"November 3, 2017 ",1
[Video] BLACK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESIDENT SAYS OBAMA’S ‘Clean Power Plan’ Will Increase Black Poverty By 23 Percent,"America s  First Black President  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community We ve got a bad guy in the family, but protect him because he s family.  We ve got to wake up, slap ourselves and wake up. This is America and everybody s involved in this and if our children are hurting, it s our responsibility to find someone who understands that pain, feels it like Bill Clinton would say. This guy doesn t feel it. In fact he issues a lot of that pain, with a smile.  Harry Alford, Black Chamber of Commerce President (Hannity, February 26, 2013)",Government News,"Jun 26, 2015",0
CLASSIC! COLLEGE SNOWFLAKE Demolished By The GREAT Andrew Breitbart [VIDEO], ,politics,"Jun 20, 2016",0
THE TRUTH ABOUT Phony Global Warming: Why Our Snake-Oil-Salesman-In-Chief Is So Desperate To Sell Americans On This LIE," No challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change.    Obama State Of The Union speech, 2015There is a very good reason why the Left is now SHAMING anyone who doesn t believe in the phony  science  of global warming. In what amounts to essentially a money laundering scheme, the campaigns of some of the most dishonest politicians in Washington are being funded by the business owners who are hand-selected by those crooked politicians to receive billions for  global climate change  initiatives.The liberal media machine has spent decades bulldozing anyone who tells you global warming is a sham.They even came up with a clever little title    deniers. Every time a heat wave hits, every time a picture of a lone polar bear gets taken . . . the left pounds the table for environmental reform, more policy, more money to combat climate change. But how much has the world really warmed?Their message is simple: Get on the man-made global warming bandwagon . . . or you re just ignorant.But how much has the world really warmed?It s an important question, considering the U.S. government spends $22 billion a year to fight the global warming crisis (twice as much as it spends protecting our border).To put that in perspective, that is $41,856 every minute going to global warming initiatives.But that s just the tip of a gargantuan iceberg.According to Forbes columnist Larry Bell, the ripple effect of global warming initiatives actually costs Americans $1.75 trillion . . . every year.That s three times larger than the entire U.S. federal budget deficit.So, has anyone stopped to ask . . . how much has the globe actually warmed?Well, we asked, and what we found was striking.According to NASA s own data via Remote Sensing Systems(RSS), the world has warmed a mere .36 degrees Fahrenheit over the last 35 years (they started measuring the data in 1979).Hardly anything to panic about; however, that does mean the world is warmer, right?The problem with that argument is that we experienced the bulk of that warming between 1979 and 1998 . . . since then, we ve actually had temperatures DROPPING!As can be seen in this chart, we haven t seen any global warming for 17 years.Weakening the global warming argument is data showing that the North Polar ice cap is increasing in size. Recent satellite images from NASA actually reflect an increase of 43% to 63%.This is quite the opposite of what the global warming faction warned us.In 2007, while accepting his Nobel Prize for his global warming initiative, Al Gore made this striking prediction,  The North Polar ice cap is falling off a cliff. It could be completely gone in summer in as little as seven years. Seven years from now. Al Gore could not have been more wrong.However, despite this clear evidence that the temperatures are not increasing, the global warming hysteria only seems to be increasing.For example: President Obama himself tweeted on May 16, 2014:  97% of scientists agree: climate change is real, man-made and dangerous.  John Kerry, Al Gore, and a host of others have championed this statistic.Since then, it has become clear that this statistic was inaccurate.The Wall Street Journal went as far as to say,  The assertion that 97% of scientists believe that climate change is a man-made, urgent problem is a fiction.  Forbes headlined  Global Warming Alarmists Caught Doctoring  97% Consensus  Claims. Come to find out, the study President Obama was citing was botched from the start.A host of other problems for the global warming crowd are emerging, such as . . .Leaked emails from global warming scientists state that the Earth is not warming, such as this one from Kevin Trenberth that states,  The fact is that we can t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty we can t. Claude Allegre, the founding father of the man-made global warming ethos, recently renounced his position that man has caused warming.Proof is emerging that Al Gore and even President Obama have financially benefited from fueling the global warming hysteria (click here for an internal report on this).It is becoming harder and harder for the global warming community to ignore some of the scientific data that show the Earth is not getting warmer . . . instead, the world is getting cooler.Which makes one wonder   why are we still spending $22 billion a year on global warming initiatives, and where is the money going? Global warming  has been kept on life support for another crucial reason: It has been a practical ATM for every in-the-know political figure.Al Gore, for example, has been one of the most vocally aggressive crusaders for  global warming. In 2001, before leaving office as vice president, Gore was worth less than $2 million. Since then, he has grown his wealth to $100 million . . . almost entirely by investing in a handful of  green-tech  companies . . . 14 of which received more than $2.5 billion in loans, grants, tax breaks, and more from the Obama administration.The Telegraph reports Al Gore could become the  world s first carbon billionaire  thanks to his investments in green companies . . . all of which benefit from tax dollars and government loans to  prevent global warming. And he s not alone.You are likely familiar with the story of the failed Solyndra green energy initiative, which cost taxpayers $500 million; President Obama took a lot of flak for that.But here s a little-known side of the Solyndra story I bet you haven t heard: Obama, in essence, used taxpayer money to finance his re-election campaign . . . by funneling it through Solyndra.You see, when Solyndra fell on hard times, it passed into the hands of two large private equity investors . . . Goldman Sachs and George Kaiser. When $500 million in taxpayer money was given to Solyndra, both Goldman Sachs and George Kaiser benefited. Coincidentally, both have made contributions to Obama s election campaigns adding up to roughly $1.25 million.It doesn t stop there.In 2010, another federal loan of $400 million went Abound Solar. That resulted in a bankruptcy as well. But investors in Abound Solar seemed to do just fine . . . investors like billionaire heiress Patricia Stryker. Stryker has famously contributed $500,000 to the Coalition for Progress while throwing $85,000 toward Obama s inaugural committee. It s just a coincidence that the government handed a company she invested in $400 million just before bankruptcy . . . right?There s also A123 Systems, which paid one lobbying firm $970,000 to secure money from the government   and received $279 million in federal assistance. The CEO of A123 Systems went on to fund multiple Democratic senators and contributed to Obama s campaign.First Solar received $646 million in government loan guarantees, and has since contributed more than $180,000 to Democratic campaigns.GE is notorious for spending tens of millions of dollars a year to  buy  green energy credits for its wind turbines and other green technologies   credits which helped the firm pay ZERO taxes in 2011.There are a host of other examples of liberals getting wealthy off  global warming  initiatives just like these.You can see why green energy is such a profitable business   CEOs and executives get to rake in millions of dollars, while politicians get lucrative donations for their campaigns . . . and scientists get all the funding they need to keep them going . . . all on your dime.But here s the cherry on top . . .While $22 billion of our money is being redistributed every year to greedy scientists, politicians, and corporations . . .$22 billion is just what is spent on these  global warming  initiatives.The reality is, these initiatives have ripple effects . . . mainly the regulations (from government agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency) that shackle free enterprise and force us to rely on foreign energy.According to Forbes, the total cost of these ripple effects is a staggering $1.75 trillion annually.I want you to really think about that for a moment.We re watching $1.75 trillion per year . . . $3,329,528 per minute . . . go to waste.It s worse when you note that the U.S. Energy Information Administration says these regulations could ultimately cause gasoline prices to rise 77% over baseline projections . . . send 3 million Americans to the welfare line . . . and reduce average household income by a whopping $4,000 each year.Washington knows all of this . . . and is still barreling forward with its nonsense policies!They re just letting you foot the bill, while they pocket the benefits. Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now.  Fact is, organizations like the Environmental Protection Agency have handcuffed capitalism . . . based on a theory even its staunchest supporters have already renounced.The result: reduced business, higher energy and food costs, higher taxes, lost jobs, and more money going overseas.For entire story: NewsMax ",politics,"May 12, 2016",0
ELIZABETH “Fauxchahontas” WARREN CAUGHT LYING Again…This Time About Sexual Harassment,"Serial liar and 2020 Democrat presidential hopeful Senator Elizabeth Warren just can t help herself. In an effort to try to make herself relevant and in what seems like a desperate attempt to address her irrelevancy, Warren appears to have made up a sick story of sexual harassment at the hands of a law professor at Harvard University.After her account about what happened with the now deceased Harvard law professor on Meet the Press, the Boston Herald called out the senator, who has a history of lying. In 1997, Elizabeth Warren was listed as the Harvard Law s  first woman of color  in a law review piece on diversity and affirmative action.Elizabeth Warren pushed back hard on questions about a Harvard Crimson piece in 1996 that described her as Native American, saying she had no idea the school where she taught law was billing her that way and saying it never came up during her hiring a year earlier, which others have backed up.But a 1997 Fordham Law Review piece described her as Harvard Law School s  first woman of color,  based, according to the notes at the bottom of the story, on a  telephone interview with Michael Chmura, News Director, Harvard Law (Aug. 6, 1996). GPThe Boston Herald set the record straight about Warren s  new  account of  events with the now deceased law professor:U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren reportedly switched up her account of sexual harassment that she relayed this weekend in a televised #MeToo testimonial from an earlier  light-hearted  version .But the Boston Globe reported last night that Warren recounted the same incident in a  more light-hearted manner  at a memorial service after the professor s death in 1997   an account the Globe noted was  inconsistent  with her story on Sunday. During the service after his death in 1997, Warren spoke fondly of law professor Eugene Smith and told the gathered mourners she was laughing as Smith chased her around his desk, according to a colleague s memoir,  the Globe reported.The author of the memoir, John Mixon, told the paper,  I may have been wrong saying she was laughing,  adding that he was writing about the service 15 years after the fact.The paper also noted that Warren failed to mention on  Meet The Press  that Smith had polio.The Globe said Warren told the broadsheet yesterday she shared the story at the memorial service as a statement about Smith s authority. It was 20 years later, and he didn t have power over me any more,  Warren told the newspaper, which noted she was by then a Harvard law professor.",left-news,"Oct 24, 2017",0
" WATCH: A Nazi Apologist Has Created A Group For Young Trump Fans, And It’s Downright Terrifying","Jayme Liardi makes no secret of the fact that he s isolationistic and xenophobic, and also seems to support, or at least sympathize with, Nazi ideology. That s not hyperbole   he actually does at least appear to be sympathetic to the Nazis, if not an outright supporter.Now he s created a group for young Trump fans and other young xenophobic conspiracy theorists with a name that bears a striking resemblance to the Hitler Youth. It s called the Trump Youth. While they don t mention Trump s name anywhere other than in their own name, the purpose is clear: Donald Trump represents an end to globalism, an end to multiculturalism, and an end to what Liardi clearly sees as the myth of equality.In a video he s made for the Trump Youth, he speaks of the parasites that we must throw off our backs: These parasites, they want war, they want destruction, they want slavery, and they re getting it. And unless we hold them accountable, unless we take justice into our own hands, and throw these parasites off our backs, the world will come to chaos.  [emphasis mine]He goes on to preach fear about the  New World Order,  which is made up of the globalists that are trying to destroy the world. Watch his entire fear-laced spiel below: The Trump Youth are the  hero generation. What does that whole thing sound like? It s not just that Liardi sees globalists as parasites. Nazis considered the Jews to be parasites that fed on society, and were the root of their problems from the end of WWI, into WWII: In this war for the very existence of the German people, we must daily remind ourselves that Jewry unleashed this war against us  As early as 1922 the F hrer said:  We were also those who for the first time made major efforts to explain to the people a danger that had crept up on us, and which millions of people did not recognize, even though it threatened to ruin us all: the danger of the Jews The German people has recognized that the Jew has crept in like a parasite not only into our people, but into all the peoples of the earth, and that it is attempting to corrupt the original racial characteristics of the peoples in order to destroy them both racially and as states, and thereby rule over them.  [emphasis mine]On his own website, Liardi says of WWII: WWII was a turning point in human history. A battle of opposite ideologies. Nationalism vs Globalism, International Communism vs  Nazism Our world today is the world of the victors, the world of the so-called Allies.On one path you have globalism. This is the world of capitalism/communism  The world of blind  equality : All races, cultures and ethnicities are the same, the sexes are the same, each individual is essentially the same. In our sameness, in our equality we are all one homogenous goop, rootless and without an identity, able to be exploited by the tyrants, our alleged representatives that we have in power today. If you have no identity, one will be installed into you by the kosher forces of The State.  [emphasis mine]So there you have it. A blond-haired, fair-skinned young man trying to create a group to fight for the same nationalism for which the Nazis fought. That he calls the group the Trump Youth indicates he may be a white supremacist himself, since it s evocative of the Hitler Youth and since Trump has received endorsements and support from known white supremacists (but don t call them that. They don t like it).Liardi is definitely a racist, a nationalist, and a conspiracy theorist, and he wants to gather other xenophobic racists to bring Trump s ideology to fruition, possibly even if Trump doesn t get electedFeatured image via screen capture from embedded video",News,"August 16, 2016",0
RICK SANTORUM INFURIATES LIBERALS After He Tells ILLEGAL ALIEN To Go Home And Apply For Citizenship [VIDEO],"What do you think? Do you agree with Rick Santorum, or should we allow illegal aliens to enjoy all of the same benefits as American citizens simply because they or their parents made it across our US border without getting caught?Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) can t speak to whether President-elect Donald Trump plans to deport undocumented immigrants en masse beginning next year, but he has made one thing clear: People who came to the U.S. illegally as children, also known as Dreamers, should just leave the U.S. if they re worried about their immigration status.Elizabeth Vilchis, a mechanical engineer who said she came to the U.S. from Mexico when she was 7 years old, asked Santorum about Trump s immigration plans on Tuesday night during a town hall event with CNN s Van Jones. She asked Santorum how he would advise her to plan for her future.He began his reply by talking about his father, who left Mussolini s Italy to come to the U.S. when he was 7 years old   even though, Santorum said,  he wasn t allowed to come because of the immigration laws at the time. Then he began to address Vilchis specifically. What most people in America feel is that you ve been given a tremendous benefit by being here in this country,  Santorum said, adding that he imagined she wouldn t  have had to opportunities to accomplish what you have  in her country of origin. My final point is that you have the ability to go to any other country right now and apply those wares, and be successful, and reapply to come back to America,  Santorum added.  Go and make the world a better place. CNN contributor Ana Navarro butted in. First of all, this is your country,  she said.  No matter what he says, no matter what anybody else says, this is your country. That s not what the law says,  Santorum replied. As much as I m sympathetic to you, you should recognize the gift that America has given you and that you can give to the world.   HP@Jorgesays @RickSantorum I'll chip in good money to send Santorum to another country. Any country.  Cindy Hargest (@CindyHargest) December 7, 2016No decent country would take him.  Lyle (@lyledal) December 7, 2016This broke my heart. ""You got your education, now get out."" This woman is as American as you Rick.  Dave Harrell (@daveharrell16) December 7, 2016Send disgusting @RickSantorum back to Italy.  iburl (@iburl) December 7, 2016 ",politics,"Dec 7, 2016",0
WATCH AND LAUGH: Sebastian Gorka Tells CNN’s Camerota That More People Watch Cartoons Than Them [Video],"Sebastian Gorka does a mic drop on CNN anchor Alison Camerota when he tells her more people watch Nick at Nite and cartoons than they watch CNN:WATCH AND LAUGH: Sebastian Gorka tells CNN that more people watch Nick-at-Nite and cartoons then them. #Trump #CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/uwEKMoCqrR  Tim Young (@TimRunsHisMouth) July 12, 2017Sebastian Gorka, President Trump s deputy assistant, mocked CNN s ratings on its morning program  New Day  on Tuesday, stating in a contentious interview with co-anchor Alisyn Camerota that  more people watch Nick at Nite cartoons than CNN today. This interview between Gorka and Camerota went from cordial to personal really quickly! Alison Camerota asked about Iraqi forces defeating ISIS to win back the city of Mosul. But Camerota couldn t help herself so she pivoted to the Trump-Russia fake news topic:Camerota goes partisan:  Is it possible that your team is obsessed with the Clintons? Gorka starts to get into with Camerota:  No. We d like you to actually do your job. You aren t in the news business anymore. You used to be. You are in the attacking President Trump business. And it s sad. It s really sad. Camerota:  It s interesting. Look, I know you have to go, and I didn t even want to go down this rabbit hole with you. When you take shots at us and at journalism, at CNN, Gorka interrupted with this zinger:  Not journalism. CNN. Camerota said Gorka was the one who asked to appear on the network.Camerota responded:  OK. When you take shots at CNN, I do feel that I must respond and just point out that you called us yesterday to come on here. Gorka shot back: That s what we do. The amount of time you spend in desperation on a topic that has plummeted you to 13th place in viewership ranking across America, more people watch Nick at Nite cartoons than CNN today. Camerota shot back:  Our ratings are doing just fine. If you want to go there, our ratings are doing just fine. Gorka s mic drop moment came here:  Nick at Nite is in 11th place. More people are interested in cartoons! ",politics,"Jul 13, 2017",0
BREAKING: MORE HACKED E-MAILS From DNC Released By A Vengeful Guccifer,"It s not the first time that the name of Vladimir Putin has been brought up in the US presidential campaign, but this time the US president used this  argument  while openly campaigning for Clinton against Trump. The situation has become  really ludicrous and it borders on the ridiculous,  believes Gregory R. Copley, editor of Defense & Foreign Affairs. In my 50 odd years covering the US government, I have never seen this level of partisanship within the administration where a sitting president actually regards the opposition party as the enemy of the state,  Copley told RT.The analyst said that the democrats are  blaming the messenger to revert the attention from the message. The message which Donald Trump delivered on RT was unambiguous in his campaign. Just like the fact that WikiLeaks revelation of the hacked emails was very explicit in showing up what the Democratic party itself was doing,  Copley added.The US establishment is  sacrificing key bilateral relationships in order to win [a] domestic election,  believes Copley. He added that neither Obama nor Clinton are interested in unifying the country, but they are rather  interested in winning and engaging in what modern democracy seems to have become   the tyranny of the marginal majority over the marginal minority. When you think about the number of times that the Clinton campaign has brought up President Putin and the alleged Russian hacking of Hillary Clinton s service, it makes you wonder just how desperate they are,  Copley noted.  President Obama has lost literally all prestige in an international community with the loss of prestige he has become desperate.  Read more: RTAnother round of hacked Democratic National Committee documents have been released. Provided by an anonymous representative of a hacker, Guccifer, the 500 megabytes detail the DNC s information technology infrastructure and internal reports on donors.Forbes reports that on Tuesday in London at the Future of Cyber Security Europe conference, Guccifer addressed cybersecurity experts through an unknown and remote transcriber.The notorious hacker then shared a trove of documents ostensibly obtained via a breach of the DNC s cybersecurity. According to Forbes, a password and login was given to them, and the documents they accessed appeared to show details of DNC donors and finances as well as the information technology setup to protect the sensitive data.In July, just as the Democratic National Convention was getting underway, WikiLeaks released the results of the first DNC hack carried out by Guccifer. That hack revealed signs of bias in favor of Hillary Clinton over her primary opponent Bernie Sanders, and consequently led to the resignation of the DNC chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, as well as several other top officers.The DNC responded to the latest hack claim Tuesday through its Interim Chair Donna Brazile, who stated that the  DNC is the victim of a crime,  which she blamed on  Russian state-sponsored agents,  while also cautioning that the hacked documents were still being authenticated by the DNC legal team, as  it is common for Russian hackers to forge documents.  ",politics,"Sep 13, 2016",0
(VIDEO) JUDGE JEANINE FULL INTERVIEW WITH DONALD TRUMP BRINGS UP PAINFUL PERSONAL MEMORY,This is a great interview with some very personal info on Donald Trump. He also discusses Black Lives matter at around the 17:50 mark. ,politics,"Aug 23, 2015",0
 Yet ANOTHER Dem Lawmaker To Snub Trump Inaugural Over Lewis Attacks,"Georgia Congressman John Lewis is a living legend. At 76 years old, and as someone who was beaten nearly to death fighting for civil rights, he has the right to say anything he likes. Therefore, the idea of attacking him, as Donald Trump has been doing all through his Martin Luther King, Jr., weekend, is nothing short of repulsive.Those attacks have led to a massive boycott of Trump s inauguration, especially among Democratic lawmakers. The latest to announce that he will skip Trump s party is Rep. Keith Ellison, who is also in the running to become the head of the Democratic National Committee. Ellison says of the decision:I will not celebrate a man who preaches a politics of division and hate. I won't be attending Donald Trump's inauguration.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017Rep. Ellison also made it clear that he is on the side of John Lewis, and is just as appalled as all decent people at Trump s attacks on the civil rights icon. Prior to tweeting his decision regarding Trump s inauguration, Ellison also tweeted:No question I am #StandingwithJohnLewis and the millions of people around the country who have been targeted by @realDonaldTrump.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017The time is always right to do what is right. And in the face of so much hate, the right thing to do is reject it.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017Medical price-gouger Martin Shkreli is headed to DC for President-elect Trump s inauguration. Another reason to #StandWithJohnLewis  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017Rep. Ellison is clearly ready to battle Donald Trump, along with other Democrats on Capitol Hill. Trump really crossed the line with his attacks on John Lewis, and he did the biggest favor ever for progressives by showing his true colors. Some people and events are untouchable, and attacking a living civil rights legend on Martin Luther King, Jr., weekend is at the top of that list.Godspeed, Rep. Ellison. Thank you for standing up for what is right.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",News,"January 16, 2017",0
Democrats in disarray on eve of convention to nominate Clinton,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The head of the Democratic Party resigned on Sunday amid a furor over embarrassing leaked emails, hoping to head off a growing rebellion by Bernie Sanders supporters on the eve of the convention to nominate Hillary Clinton for the White House. Lingering bitterness from the heated primary campaign between Clinton and Sanders erupted after more than 19,000 Democratic National Committee emails, leaked on Friday, confirmed Sanders’ frequent charge that the party played favorites in the race. In a statement, DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said the best way for the party to accomplish its goal of putting Clinton in the White House was for her to step aside after the convention. Sanders had demanded earlier in the day that Wasserman Schultz resign. The furor was a blow to a party keen on projecting stability in contrast to the volatility of Republican candidate Donald Trump, who was formally nominated at a raucous convention in Cleveland last week. It also overshadowed preparations in Philadelphia for Clinton’s coronation as the nominee to face Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election. She will be the first woman nominated for president by a major U.S. political party.  The four-day Democratic convention will open on Monday. In some good news for Clinton, The New York Times reported that businessman and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg will endorse her in a prime-time speech on Monday, saying she will be the best choice for moderate voters in 2016. The cache of emails leaked on Friday by the WikiLeaks website disclosed that DNC officials explored ways to undermine Sanders’ insurgent presidential campaign, including raising questions about whether Sanders, who is Jewish, was really an atheist. Sanders said Wasserman Schultz, a U.S. representative from Florida, had made the right decision for the future of the Democratic Party. “The party leadership must also always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the 2016 race,” he said. The Clinton camp questioned whether Russians may have had a hand in the hack attack on the party’s emails and were interested in helping Trump, who has exchanged words of praise with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “What’s disturbing to us is that experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC, stole these emails and other experts are now saying that Russians are releasing these emails for the purpose of helping Donald Trump,” Clinton campaign chairman Robby Mook said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort said the Clinton camp was trying to distract from its party discord ahead of the convention. “What’s in those emails show that it was a clearly rigged system, that Bernie Sanders ... never had a chance,” Manafort said on ABC.  Clinton, 68, a former secretary of state, and Sanders, 74, an independent U.S. senator from Vermont who ran for president as a Democrat, waged a bruising months-long battle for the nomination. Branding himself a democratic socialist, Sanders galvanized young and liberal voters with his calls to rein in Wall Street and eradicate income inequality.    But Sanders repeatedly voiced frustration with a DNC and party establishment he felt was stacked against him, and the resentment from Sanders and his supporters threatened to disrupt the convention. “I’m not shocked but I’m disappointed,” Sanders said of the emails earlier on Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.” The emails showed DNC officials pondering various ways to undercut Sanders. Brad Marshall, the DNC’s chief financial officer, apologized on Facebook on Saturday for an email in which he discussed how some voters in upcoming nominating contests in Kentucky and West Virginia would reject an atheist. “He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage,” Marshall wrote in a May 5 email to three top DNC officials. No names were mentioned, but Sanders was the only Jewish candidate. “I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist.” Clinton told CBS’s “60 Minutes” in an interview that aired on Sunday that she had not read any of the emails but it was “wrong and unacceptable” to bring religion into the political process. The emails angered many Sanders supporters who were already dismayed by Clinton’s choice on Friday of low-key U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as her vice presidential running mate. Kaine, 58, who could appeal to independents and moderates, has never been aligned with party liberals. Sanders, who has endorsed Clinton and will speak on her behalf to the convention on Monday, said he would have preferred she pick U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a favorite of the party’s liberal wing, as her No. 2. “I have known Tim Kaine for a number of years. ... Tim is a very, very smart guy. He is a very nice guy,” Sanders said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”  “He is more conservative than I am. Would I have preferred to see somebody like an Elizabeth Warren selected by Secretary Clinton? Yes, I would have,” he said.  Carrying pitchforks meant to portray Clinton as the devil, hundreds of Sanders supporters took to the streets of Philadelphia earlier on Sunday to say they felt betrayed by the DNC. “It just validated everything we thought, everything we believed to be true, that this was completely rigged right from the beginning, and that you know it was really about what they were doing everything to set it up so she would win,” Sanders supporter Gwen Sperling said. DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair through the election, the DNC said on Twitter. ",politicsNews,"July 24, 2016 ",1
FLASHBACK: Hillary And Raunchy Actress Discuss Desire To See Rock Star’s Penis: “I’ll look for that” [Video],"Dunham interviewed Clinton in 2015 and the topic of Kravitz s  wardrobe malfunction  during a Stockholm concert, viewable here, came up. Did you see the footage when his pants split?  Dunham asked Clinton. No, I missed that,  she replied. I mean, his stuff fell out of his pants,  Dunham said. Yeah, you think I could get that,  Clinton said, with Dunham adding,  You can get that on YouTube. It s on YouTube? Good, I ll look for that,  Clinton said.If Donald Trump had said something similar on camera, wouldn t it be considered  locker room talk,  if not more? ",politics,"Oct 10, 2016",0
Acting SEC chair seeks to scale back 'conflict minerals' rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday took the first step toward scaling back the controversial “conflict minerals” rule, which requires companies to trace whether their products contain minerals from a war-torn part of Africa. In his first major action since becoming acting SEC chair earlier this month, Michael Piwowar announced he has directed agency staff to reconsider how companies should comply with the rule and whether “additional relief” from its requirements is necessary.  Piwowar’s action comes just one day after President Donald Trump signed an executive order that aims to slash government regulations. The White House has said the order does not apply to independent agencies like the SEC. However, independent agencies often try to voluntarily follow the spirit of such orders. The conflict minerals rule requires manufacturers, from Apple Inc to General Electric Co, to tell investors if their products contain certain minerals from the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is one of several SEC disclosure rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law that Republicans and business groups have long sought to repeal, saying they force companies to furnish politically charged information that is irrelevant to making investment decisions. Another disclosure rule hated by many companies that was also in Dodd-Frank is the “resource extraction” rule, which forces oil and gas companies to disclose payments to foreign governments.  Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are slated to vote on a measure to repeal the resource extraction rule on Wednesday. In that case, Republicans are seeking to repeal it under  the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to stop recently adopted regulations through a simple majority vote. The conflict minerals rule cannot be repealed through the Congressional Review Act because the law can only be applied to rules adopted since the end of May. However, SEC staff can issue interpretive guidance to scale back its requirements or, in a more aggressive move, staff can choose not to enforce it. Piwowar said the SEC will solicit comments from the public on whether SEC staff should update its guidance on compliance. The Dodd-Frank law also contains language which would let Trump order the SEC to temporarily suspend the conflict minerals rule for two years if it might harm national security. Piwowar did not ask the president to take such a step. However, he did raise some national security concerns posed by the rule, and said it has done nothing to help the humanitarian crisis in Africa. ",politicsNews,"February 1, 2017 ",1
 You Won’t Believe What GOP Lead Poisoning Truthers Just Said About The Flint Water Crisis (VIDEO),"The GOP never ceases to amaze with its consistent insanity. This time the insanity has to do with the water contamination issue in Flint, Michigan. A Michigan Republican said that the Flint water crisis may be overstated and another said that it s actually a  hoax.  L. Brooks Patterson, an Oakland County executive said that the water crisis had been  vastly overstated. However, blood testing of Flint s children has found dangerously high levels of lead after the cash strapped city stopped buying water from Detroit and instead drew corrosive water from the Flint River beginning in April, 2014. Despite the tests, Patterson is skeptical. He made the statement after  GOP political analyst Bill Ballenger had opened a debate on the issue during a radio interview.  I think, well, that s the other side,  Patterson said.  Let s wait and see what the facts show. On the radio show, Bill Ballenger said that tests on his own blood had found no elevated levels of lead: This has been a vastly overblown crisis, perpetuated by a lot of politicians with an axe to grind and, for that matter, the news media, and some national figures, some political, some entertainers who don t know what they re talking about. I had my blood tested just yesterday, and I have no elevated blood-lead level   it s way down there. The idea that the entire population of Flint has been poisoned and that we all have elevated blood-levels because of this is just a total canard. It s just a crock, and for this to be perpetuated as a story is doing a lot of damage to Flint as a community. The evidence or lack of evidence cited in Ballenger s rant has given Patterson reason to doubt whether the children of Flint, who don t have any access to fresh drinking water, were contaminated despite the tests that were done. Patterson said that Ballenger was  adamant that he lives in Flint, he drinks the water, he showers in that water.  Ballenger even described the water crisis as a  hoax. Ballenger s evidence is at best anecdotal. Whether he drank Flint s water or not, it s children who are much more susceptible to lead poisoning than adults. Eden Wells, Michigan s chief medical executive, said that all children who drank the city s water since April of 2014 have been exposed to high levels of lead. That is at least 8,657 children. The long term effects of elevated blood levels can lead to many health complications: The long-term effects of elevated blood lead levels in children may include slow development, reduced Intelligence Quotient (IQ) scores, learning disabilities, hearing loss, reduced height and hyperactivity. Very severe lead exposure (blood lead levels greater than 80  g/dL) can cause coma, convulsions and even death. It boggles the mind that the Republicans would rather talk about ISIS or repealing Obamacare, while they dismiss an unfolding tragedy in an American city that s affecting thousands of American kids.Feature image via screengrab",News,"January 20, 2016",0
 Advocate For Legal Rape Says Trump’s Victory Makes It Acceptable For Men To Rape Women,"Daryush Valizadeh is a sexist and misogynist who is lobbying to make rape legal on private property, and he is a fan of Donald Trump.Trump s past statements and behavior towards women has emboldened men who think women are inferior and can do with them as they please.And Valizadeh wrote a manifesto celebrating Trump s win as the  moment  legal rape activists have been waiting for to make their goal a reality.I m in a state of exuberance that we now have a President who rates women on a 1-10 scale in the same way that we do and evaluates women by their appearance and feminine attitude. We may have to institute a new feature called  Would Trump bang?  to signify the importance of feminine beauty ideals that cultivate effort and class above sloth and vulgarity. Simply look at his wife and the beautiful women he has surrounded himself with to remind yourself of what men everywhere prefer, and not the  beauty at every size  sewage that has been pushed down our throats by gender studies professors and corporations trying to market their product to feminist fatsoes. The President of the United States does not see the value in fat women who don t take care of themselves, and neither should you. We now have a President who will not encourage anti-male propaganda, rape culture, and female victimhood. While I do have minor concerns on the influence of his feminist-minded daughter, Ivanka, Trump will not continue the attack on men that has been institutionalized since the sexual revolution and accelerated during the eight years of Obama. Because our current cultural dystopia is the result of intense long-term manipulation, it is more than enough for Trump to simply not touch the gender issue to allow the culture to return to a more patriarchal order. Stop feeding the rot and it will die off, allowing biology to naturally reassert itself.We ve experienced so many changes in the past decade that we haven t had a chance to understand what s going on and adapt. Instead, we ve been reacting from one blow to the next, whether it s the loss of our jobs through witch hunts or the rape culture horror that has turned a banal consensual hookup into possible incarceration. Trump s victory gives us room to begin pushing back against the fictions that have put men in harm s way.This jackass went on to brag that men like him will be able to say what they want to do what they want to women and get away it whether Trump changes the laws or not, suggesting that men can go right ahead and rape all the women they want without consequence.This is our moment. The door is opening for a renaissance of masculinity where men can take pride in being men, and the best part of it is that we don t need to wait for Trump to do anything. His victory is more than enough for us to apply our own individual strength in seizing the bull s horns where we can come out of the politically incorrect closet and assert our beliefs and behaviors. It would be icing on the cake if Trump rolled back anti-masculine laws and policies, but it s not required, because the power to change ourselves and our country is within our hands.This creepy asshole literally believes Donald Trump s election victory is one step closer toward making it legal for men to rape women.Across the country, Trump supporters have already committed over 300 hate crimes, including crimes against women such as assault.If Valizadeh has his way, we are about to see sexual assault crimes skyrocket, which means America just became an even more dangerous place for women because of Trump s victory.Featured Image: WomanSurvival.com",News,"November 16, 2016",0
"Afghan Taliban deny former hostage's claims of murder, rape","PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Taliban spokesman denied on Sunday accusations by a Canadian man that one of his children had been murdered and his wife raped while they were being held captive by militants who kidnapped them in Afghanistan in 2012. Joshua Boyle and his American wife, Caitlan Coleman, were held by the Haqqani network, a semi-independent wing of the Afghan Taliban, before being rescued by Pakistani troops in northwest Pakistan, near the Afghan border, last week. Boyle told reporters soon after he, his wife and their three children returned to Canada on Friday that their captors had murdered a fourth child had raped his wife. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid rejected that as propaganda by the Western governments that helped rescue the family.  We strongly reject these fake and fabricated allegations of this Canadian family, now in the hands of the enemy,  he said in a statement sent to media.    Whatever statement the enemy wants to put in their mouth, the family is forced to make it.  Boyle called on the Taliban to  provide my family with the justice we deserve . Mujahid said the couple was intentionally never separated in order to protect their safety. He also denied that their child had been murdered, but acknowledged that one child became sick and died.  We were in a remote areas without access to a doctor and medications that led the loss of the child,  he said. Three children, all born in captivity, were rescued along with Boyle and Coleman. The U.S. government calls the Haqqani network  the most lethal and sophisticated insurgent group  in Afghanistan. Its operational chief, Sirajuddin Haqqani, was named deputy to the Taliban s newly appointed leader Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour in 2015, cementing the ties between the groups. The Haqqanis previously held U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, who was freed in a swap for Taliban prisoners in 2014, and are suspected of holding two professors, an American and an Australian, who were kidnapped outside their university in Kabul in 2016. A senior Afghan government official told Reuters that American and Afghan special forces launched two unsuccessful raids to try to rescue the professors in Afghanistan, but officials now believe the pair has been taken to Haqqani hideouts over the border in Pakistan. ",worldnews,"October 15, 2017 ",1
 GOP’s Stunning Reactions To Trump’s Remarks On Orlando Show That His Election Chances Are Dead,"As the GOP presidential nominee, Republicans have, as of late, been grudgingly getting behind Donald Trump. Following the massacre in Orlando, though, it seems that Senate Republicans can t stomach the thought of even mentioning Trump s name anymore. On Capitol Hill, the mood is one of depression, fatigue, and giving up and of simmering anger.Instead of being classy and offering condolences, or even just saying he was saddened at the loss of so many lives, Trump gloated over being right about radical Islam, and said we need toughness and vigilance. Then he expanded his  ban all Muslims  policy proposal to include people from any country with any history of terrorism, and said he d accomplish that through executive order.Can we say  despotic? He also blamed Obama for the attack by calling him weak, and insinuating he might even be helping the terrorists.That might be what his drone-like fans want to hear, but putting the blame on Obama was what sent Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) over the edge on Trump. He told Politico: I m not going to be commenting on presidential candidates today. That s it. That s all. He s spent a lot of time explaining what Trump needs to do differently, and how he needs to tone it down, and it s fallen on deaf ears. So, at least for a day, McConnell is done.Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-TX), the number two Republican in the Senate, also brushed off any discussion of Trump   except he s so sick of the guy that he went several steps further than McConnell. He doesn t plan on talking about Trump at all for the next five months. He ended his talk with Politico by saying: Wish me luck. He s going to need it.Senator Bob Corker (R-TN), whose name has been bandied about as a possible VP pick for Trump, is upset about what Trump said during a foreign policy speech following Orlando. Politico says Corker is normally very talkative, but he would only say: I don t know that I really have a lot to say. Apparently he said that twice, but he eventually spoke a little bit about King Trump s speech: It wasn t the type (of address) that one would expect a person who is wanting to lead the greatest nation in the world to make. Fifty people have perished, and [53] more have been harmed. Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Richard Burr (R-NC) had nothing to say about Trump at all, according to Politico, except for a hurried comment from Burr about going to read Trump s speech. He then disappeared into an elevator.Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) also slammed Trump s remarks, saying: I think his comments are inappropriate when the nation is in mourning over the worst terrorism attack that we ve had since 9/11. She s not even sure she ll be able to make herself vote for Trump, according to Politico.Trump s more outspoken critics on Capitol Hill, such as Senators Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC), continued to be outspoken as they slammed Trump s reaction to Orlando. But it was Flake s comments that hint at the strong possibility that Trump just sounded the death knell for his own campaign: He s won 13 million votes total so far; he s got to get 65 million or so to win the general election, which includes a lot of independents and Republicans that don t feel as he does. He can t win the general election talking the way he is. The latest Bloomberg poll shows Hillary Clinton leading Trump nationally by 12 points. Bloomberg says that Orlando has had little effect on the 2016 campaign, but that s likely to change as Trump continues to try and talk tough and falls flat on face with those who are reluctant about supporting him.Senate Republicans have been hoping for months that he would stop being the offensive, bombastic candidate that embodies everything shameful about America s conservative wing. But he s a particular problem for the Senate, because he could end up being the reason Republicans lose both the White House and the Senate in November.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"June 14, 2016",0
JUST IN: GENERAL FLYNN CALLS With Russian Ambassador Approved By Obama Administration,"General Michael Flynn released the statement below: After over 33 years of military service to our country, including nearly five years in combat away from my family, and then my decision to continue to serve the United States, it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel s Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and of our country. I accept full responsibility for my actions. ",Government News,"Dec 1, 2017",0
POLICE CALLED TO GRISLY MURDER SCENE: Find Decapitated Blow Up Sex Doll In City Overrun By Muslim Immigrants,"Better a blow-up doll than an actual citizen, in the city of L beck, Germany where the Muslim migrant population has exploded.Police were called out on Wednesday to the scene of what seemed to be a grisly murder. But they were soon able to put the finder s mind to rest.It must have been quite the shock.A street cleaner in the picturesque town of L beck near Germany s Baltic coast called police early on Wednesday morning to tell them he had found a female corpse lying on the street next to a paper recycling container.The lifeless body was wrapped in a blanket with a foot jutting out of one end.Officers from L beck s 2nd police district jumped into action, rushing to the scene as fast as they could. After more exact criminal observation, it was ascertained that we were dealing with a so-called sex toy which had no head,  the police report reveals. Via: Local de",politics,"May 13, 2016",0
"THIS IS GREAT! ANTI-HILLARY STREET ART POPS UP EVERYWHERE IN BROOKLYNHillary Clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… The area around Hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:          ","Hillary Clinton s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive The area around Hillary s campaign headquarters was plastered with this: ",politics,"Apr 12, 2015",0
Lebanese president says PM Hariri has been 'kidnapped': official,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s president has told foreign ambassadors that the country s prime minister Saad al-Hariri, who resigned suddenly last week in Saudi Arabia, has been  kidnapped  and must have immunity, a senior Lebanese official told Reuters on Saturday. President Michel Aoun has been convening high-level meetings with Lebanese politicians and foreign diplomats since Hariri resigned in a surprise broadcast from Saudi Arabia last week. Aoun made the remark in a meeting on Friday, the official said. ",worldnews,"November 11, 2017 ",1
THE STATE THAT GETS MORE REFUGEES THAN ANY OTHER IN AMERICA MAY SURPRISE YOU,"Here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue In Fiscal year 2014, Texas resettled 7,234 refugees. However, that doesn t tell the whole story because according to the Texas Dept. of State Health Services (an excellent source of information on refugees in Texas), the actual number of migrants legally being treated as refugees last year was really 12,800 (up 24% from the previous year!).The website also tells you which counties got the most refugees.The 12,800 includes refugees, asylees, parolees, special immigrant visa holders (these are Afghans and Iraqis), and victims of trafficking.They hailed from 58 countries (therefore Texas taxpayers are on the hook for many expensive translators gratis a Bill Clinton executive order for all sorts of reasons access to health care, school system problems and the criminal justice system).When I went to several different sources, I find that over 150,000 refugees have been resettled in Texas since 1983, and that number doesn t include secondary migrants from other states (Dallas County got the most secondary migrants last year 60% of all those arriving in Texas).And, of course, it doesn t include all of the children produced in three decades! Nor does it include the thousands of  unaccompanied alien children  that may not have been distributed around the nation from last year s border invasion. Obama would like nothing more than to have them declared  refugees  as well (refugees get all forms of welfare upon arrival!).The top resettlement cities in Texas are (resettlement is not limited to these sites, dozens and dozens of smaller cities and towns are receiving refugees):AbileneAmarilloAustinCorpus ChristiDallasEl PasoFort WorthHoustonSan AntonioFor new readers, you might want to have a look at our archive on Amarillo which has developed into a  pocket of resistance  as the mayor there has asked the federal government to slow the flow since the school system is suffering with the influx of non-English speaking children many of whom are illiterate in their own language. The meatpacking industry is responsible for much of the resettlement to Amarillo (hunger for cheap labor!).The top nations from which Texas received refugees in 2014 were in this order: Iraq, Cuba, Burma, Afghanistan, and tied for 5th place Somalia and Bhutan(Nepal).So when did Texas move into the number one spot in the nation?For years and years other states ranked above Texas including California, New York and Florida. According to this very cool graph (above right), it was in 2011 that Texas gained this dubious distinction.And, if you are wondering why the number dipped in 2011, this is why: That year it was learned that Iraqi terrorists disguised as refugees were arrested in Kentucky. Turns out the pair had lied (can you believe it, they lied!) on their refugee application and it was only when they were found to be planning on helping Al-Qaeda in Iraq was it discovered that one of them had left fingerprints on an IED shard that was warehoused by the US military. The shard came from an IED that had killed Pennsylvania National Guard troops. They are in prison for life.The arrest threw the Refugee Admissions Program of the US State Department into chaos because they had to re-screen thousands and thousands of Iraqis headed to America. Iraqis make up the largest ethnic group we are admitting to America now at a rate of about 20,000 a year. The majority are Muslims (both Shiites and Sunnis as we import their centuries old squabble to your towns!).IT S PROBABLY NO ACCIDENT THAT BARACK OBAMA GAVE THE  Teacher of the year  award to Shanna Peoples,  A high school English teacher from Amarillo, Texas, who works with refugees:In order to question this 35-year-old legal immigration program, you must first get the facts!* Read our Fact Sheet, here. Open and read all the links in this post!* Go to the Texas Department of State Health Services website and learn all you can about the refugees coming to Texas. Don t miss the stats on their health conditions (refugees are admitted with TB, HepB, HIV and parasites).* You have a State Refugee Coordinator and her name is Caitriona Lyons (she is Irish, btw), call her and ask her to direct you to the Texas refugee plan. Here is a description of the plan and the legal requirement that every state have one (and they must keep it current). Ask her to direct you to it and read it!Remember in Texas your governor does have a say in what happens with refugee resettlement! Where has he been?Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",Government News,"Jun 11, 2015",0
 Comey CONFIRMS FBI Investigation Into Trump’s Collusion With Russia During Election (VIDEO),"FBI Director James Comey has confirmed that the agency is not only investigating Russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election but is also taking a long hard look at whether Donald Trump and his campaign colluded with the foreign power.In his opening statement, Comey said that the FBI doesn t usually  confirm the existence of ongoing investigations,  However, if there are  unusual circumstances where it is in the public interest,  that can change. The bureau may, at these times, find it necessary to break with this policy, Comey explained. This is one of those circumstances,  he said. I have been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm that the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election. And that includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia s efforts,  Comey said.He added that the investigation would  also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed. The most concerning part of Comey s statement came when he said that the investigation was initiated in July of 2016. July. Think about that. Somehow, even though the FBI was investigating Russia s interference in the election on Trump s behalf and whether or not Trump was actually working with Russia, we still ended up with this man sitting in the White House. Let that sink in for a minute.FBI Dir. Comey: FBI is investigating Russian meddling in election, including  whether there was any coordination  between Trump team, Russia pic.twitter.com/pf8xZyXQYD  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) March 20, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",News,"March 20, 2017",0
"WATCH BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER At Kansas Rally Attacked By Black Lives Matter Terrorists For Saying: “I want jobs, I don’t want welfare”","This man deserves a medal for his courage, his honesty and his ability to articulate how many black Americans really feel, but are afraid verbalize when confronted by angry black domestic terrorists I want freedom I want actual freedom You will LOVE this guy!",politics,"Mar 12, 2016",0
Anti-Zuma MP quits South Africa's 'corrupt' ANC,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - African National Congress (ANC) MP Makhosi Khoza, a strident critic of scandal-plagued President Jacob Zuma, quit South Africa s ruling party on Thursday, labeling Nelson Mandela s 105-year-old liberation movement  alien and corrupt . The 47-year-old Zulu linguistics expert, an ANC supporter since the age of 12, denounced Zuma in July as a  dishonorable and disgraceful leader  due to the litany of scandals he has attracted during his eight years in power. Her comments earned her death threats and a provincial party disciplinary hearing, but Khoza said she was not prepared to sit around and wait for the verdict from a party she said was willfully blind to the failings of its leader.  Why haven t we charged Zuma? Why are we charging Makhosi Khoza? We are making a mockery of the rule of law. We are making a mockery of the ANC constitution,  she said in an interview on the SABC, the state broadcaster.  Charge Zuma. Fire Zuma from the ANC, then I will know that you are serious about self-correcting.  Khoza is believed to have been one of around 30 ANC members of parliament who voted against Zuma in an ultimately unsuccessful Aug. 8 parliamentary no-confidence vote conducted by secret ballot. ANC spokesman Zizi Kodwa did not answer calls to his mobile phone. The most serious allegations against Zuma relate to his friendship with the Guptas, a family of Indian-born businessmen accused of using political influence to secure lucrative contracts with state-run companies and remain above the law. Zuma and the Guptas, who employ Zuma s son, Duduzane, as a director of at least one of their companies, have denied any wrongdoing and say they are the victims of a politically motivated witch-hunt. Zuma s time at the helm of the ANC comes to an end in December when the party chooses a new leader, although he will remain head of state until 2019 unless the ANC removes him early, as it did with President Thabo Mbeki in 2008. As Khoza fulminated on air, Zuma s former wife Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma was sworn in behind closed doors as a member of parliament, cementing the belief she is his preferred successor against challengers led by Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa. The parliamentary seat gives Dlamini-Zuma, ex-chairwoman of the African Union Commission in Addis Ababa, a platform from which to raise her profile ahead of December s party leadership conference. Separately, the Pretoria High Court delivered a blow to the Gupta s media-to-mining commercial empire, throwing out its attempt to block India s Bank of Baroda, the last bank in South Africa prepared to handle its money, from pulling the plug. Judge Hans Fabricius dedicated eight pages of his verdict to the allegations against the Guptas, questioning why police and prosecutors had failed to act despite years of stunning media revelations and numerous formal criminal complaints.  I could not help wonder whether, unbeknown to me, democracy and the rule of law had somehow been suspended,  he said, lamenting the decline from the optimism and idealism of the self-styled  Rainbow Nation  immediately after apartheid ended.  Could it be possible that the future, so bright in 1994, was now only history?  he continued.  Do the various investigating bodies of the police service ... still remember their constitutional duty to combat and investigate crime?  Gary Naidoo, editor of the Gupta-owned New Age newspaper and the family s de facto spokesman, was not available for comment. ",worldnews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
IRONY! WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN FEMALE REPORTER Punched In The Face At Women’s March…Find This Man! [Video], ,left-news,"Jan 24, 2017",0
 Trump’s Bizarre Behavior At G7 Leaves The World Questioning His Health (VIDEO),"While the other six world leaders at the G7 (Group of Seven) walked a short 700 yards through Taormina, Sicilly, Donald Trump, for whatever reason, rode a golf cart. That and several other weird behaviors leave the country and the world wondering if Trump is physically prepared to be President.The Times of London reported the six other world leaders   from Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan   walked 700 yards to take a group photo at a piazza in a hilltop town. The U.S. leader decided to wait until he could get a golf cart.Trump was late for the photo, but joined the other world leaders during the walk down from the piazza.Source: The HillThe hits just keep on comin   Leaders of France, Ger, Italy, Japan, Canada & UK walk the streets of Taormina. Trump follows in a golf cart  pic.twitter.com/MAEuwkY7ud  Maggie Jordan: (@MaggieJordanACN) May 27, 2017It is possible that Trump simply didn t want to accompany the other world leaders, especially after he was the only one who wouldn t commit to the Paris climate change deal or because during his more than week away, he s proven himself to be a laughing stock and a buffoon. It s also possible that Trump simply wasn t physically up to the walk.Trump began his trip by blaming gaffes on  exhaustion. He seemed to forget (or didn t know) that Israel was part of the Middle East.Oh man, watch Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer (on right couch) react when Trump says in Israel We just got back from the Middle East.  pic.twitter.com/x7nb4uvqpR  (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) May 22, 2017Then there was the time Trump wandered off the stage, apparently confused.he s just not there. there s nothing going on in that head. pic.twitter.com/dvUDznjvae  Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) May 26, 2017The social media world has noticed.The greatest risk to the Trump presidency is his health. He may need a trainer and dietician more than a lawyer to review his tweets https://t.co/agsDralEuz  Mark Cuban (@mcuban) May 27, 2017Confused, wandering off while in Israel. Unable to stroll w/G7 leaders today. Trump s 1st trip raising Qs about his mental & physical health  The Daily Edge (@TheDailyEdge) May 27, 2017Some see something else going on:Donald Trump s sudden  health problems  on Saudi trip could be laying groundwork for resignation https://t.co/4B4ymvxpG1 pic.twitter.com/Za34HO9gEL  McSpocky  ?? (@mcspocky) May 25, 2017If you recall, during the election, Trump made a very big deal out of Hillary Clinton contracting pneumonia. He accused her of lacking the stamina for the job, despite the fact that as Secretary of State she logged nearly 1,000,000 miles. Trump, on the other hand, is used to golfing every weekend.We have never had a health assessment of Donald Trump, unless you count a bizarre letter that was read on Dr. Oz, which claimed he would be the  healthiest president in history. Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",News,"May 27, 2017",0
OBAMA REGIME’S SECRET ASIAN TRADE DEAL Would Let International Tribunal Overrule State and Fed Laws To Benefit Foreign Companies,"Nothing to see here just Obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule US laws and allow them to levy fines against the US the American taxpayer would be responsible for paying. It is really worrisome,  said top House Ways and Means Committee Democrat Rep. Sandy Levin.  Countries do not want to give away their jurisdiction away to some arbitrary panel,  he added.At issue is the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership treaty and a provision called  Investor-State Dispute Settlement,  or ISDS, that would let foreign firms challenge U.S. laws, potentially overruling those laws and resulting in fines to be paid by taxpayers. The provisions are becoming common in some trade deals between other nations.Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has warned that it would undermine U.S. sovereignty.Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions has also raised a concern about another phase in the legislation,  living agreement.  He and other experts say that phrase means that the treaty can be changed after Congress approves it.The Asia trade deal would be up first if Congress OK s the pending Trade Promotion Authority, which fast-tracks trade agreements. Levin said it is in trouble over concerns about the secret TPP.Is anyone else feeling exhausted by watching Josh  the liar  Earnest explain the corrupt Obama administration?At a media breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, Levin appeared with Jeffrey Sachs, prominent international economist at Columbia University, who panned the provision as a bid by foreign companies to make an  end run  around tough U.S. laws and regulations. Essentially, ISDS allows companies to sue states in a special ad hoc tribunal that is outside the court systems and outside of the legal systems of the host countries,  he warned.  U.S. law, U.S. court findings, could be set aside by this ad hoc process really designed and pushed by the corporate sector which sees this as an end run around national law,  he added.Levin also joined in Sessions  demand that the Asia trade pact be opened to the public. Currently, it is being kept in secret and only those cleared to see it are allowed to. Levin said, for example, that he was barred from discussing some TPP provision with Sachs.The White House has dismissed the secrecy claims, but Sachs said,  It is secret. I haven t seen it. I can t see it. Levin also said that the treaty would include communist Vietnam which has far different worker rights laws than the U.S. He recalled recently meeting with a Vietnamese woman who was thrown in jail for trying to form a union.  There has to be changes,  he demanded.Via: Washington Examiner",politics,"May 9, 2015",0
At least 4 dead after powerful Mexico quake: officials,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At least four people were killed by a powerful earthquake that hit Mexico on Tuesday, local officials said.    Two people were killed in the central state of Puebla after a school collapsed said Fernando Clemente, a civil protection official in the state.  Two more people died in the State of Mexico, governor Alfredo Del Mazo told local TV, and Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera said there were no reports of deaths yet in the capital but that some people were trapped in burning buildings.          ",worldnews,"September 19, 2017 ",1
 80-Year-Old Man Guns Down 81-Year-Old Over Church Loan (VIDEO),"On June 13, 80-year-old Edward Acquisto shot and killed 81-year-old John Cloud in a Rhode Island cemetery.According to police, Acquisto had taken out a  substantial loan  from a congregational church in nearby Kingston, MA. The two men arranged to meet at Pocasset Hill Cemetery, in Tiverton, Rhode Island, where Acquisto reportedly went to read his Bible, to discuss the loan.Police did not provide details on the amount of the loan or how Acquisto spent the money that he borrowed from the church.During a press conference, Tiverton Police Chief Tom Blakey said,  There were people visiting graves in the cemetery, visiting loved ones  gravesites, and they heard the commotion, heard the gunshots. After shooting Cloud, the elderly Acquisto led police on a car chase, which ended when he turned down a dead-end street.Acquisto reportedly shot at police before law enforcement killed him in a Tiverton resident s driveway.WPRI reports that Acquisto was out on parole when he shot and killed Cloud.He was sentenced to life in prison in 1981, after raping his former girlfriend in her home. A year later he was sentenced to ten additional years in prison for beating a man to death. He was paroled in 2003.At this time it s unknown where or how Acquisto got the gun he used to shoot Cloud.There is no permit required for someone over the age of 18 to purchase a gun in Rhode Island. The state does require an  application,  and all sellers are supposed to conduct a background check through state or local law enforcement.In spite of that, a man who was released on parole after raping one person and killing another, somehow managed to obtain a gun.While it s possible that Acquisto didn t obtain the gun he used to kill Cloud legally, as the Law Center To Prevent Violence reports here, it s also more than possible that he did.Many states still do not require private gun sellers to conduct criminal background checks. Lax gun-control policies across the country allow violent felons to purchase guns with no questions asked.Here s more from WPRI. Image credit: Mele Avery via Flickr",News,"June 29, 2016",0
Highlights: The Trump presidency on March 21 at 6:14 p.m. EDT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Tuesday: Trump goes to Capitol Hill to warn Republican lawmakers that voters could punish them if they do not approve the plan he favors to dismantle Obamacare, as pressure grows on the businessman-turned-politician to win the first major legislative battle of his presidency. Some conservatives in Washington are angry about a tweak in the Obamacare rollback bill by Republican leaders to delete a provision meant to crack down on illegal immigrants getting federal healthcare insurance coverage. Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s Supreme Court pick, pledges independence from Trump and says no one, including the president, is above the law amid concerns by Democrats that he would be beholden to the man who selected him. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson proposes new dates for a NATO meeting, the State Department says, after he initially decided to skip the talks and rebuffed the alliance’s efforts to reschedule them. Tillerson has written to Senate leaders urging the ratification of Montenegro as NATO’s newest member, saying it is “strongly in the interests of the United States.” The Trump administration is reviewing whether it will reaffirm the goal of a world without nuclear weapons, a White House aide says, referring to an aim embraced by previous presidents and required by a key arms control treaty. The Trump administration is considering sweeping sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system as part of a review of measures to counter Pyongyang’s nuclear and missile threat, a U.S. official says. A North Korean diplomat says his country has nothing to fear from any U.S. move to broaden sanctions aimed at cutting it off from the global financial system and will pursue “acceleration” of its nuclear and missile programs. The Trump administration confirms it is imposing restrictions on electronic devices carried by travelers coming to the United States from 10 airports, mainly in the Middle East and North Africa, in response to unspecified terrorism threats. Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni wants to send a strong message in favor of free trade when he welcomes Trump and other world leaders in Italy in May for a G7 meeting. Canada’s government, under pressure from domestic steel firms, is expressing concern to U.S. officials about a proposed “Buy America” policy that could cause heavy Canadian job losses, sources say. ",politicsNews,"March 21, 2017 ",1
U.S. lawmakers propose making it easier to meet auto fuel rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bipartisan pair of Michigan lawmakers introduced a bill to make it easier for automakers to comply with federal fuel efficiency requirements, as the Trump administration considers softening standards that require nearly doubling the fuel economy of the U.S. new vehicle fleet by 2025. The proposal, introduced late on Wednesday, would extend the life of fuel economy credits that would currently expire after five years, lift a cap on transferring credits between car and truck fleets and award automakers credits for emissions reductions not measured by existing test procedures. The measure proposed by Representatives Fred Upton, a Republican, and Debbie Dingell, a Democrat, would also grant an industry wish by requiring that the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reconcile their respective fuel economy standards so the industry can comply with just one set of rules. The proposal comes on the heels of a bipartisan measure to create a single federal standard for self-driving cars, also backed by the industry, that is on track to passage.  The Union of Concerned Scientists said the harmonization legislation and a similar bill introduced in the Senate would allow manufacturers to make vehicles that are on average 3 miles a gallon less efficient in 2021. The group estimated that would result in additional U.S. oil consumption of 350 million barrels of oil, costing drivers $34 billion and an additional 155 million metric tons of greenhouse gases. The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group representing General Motors Co, Toyota Motor Corp, Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and others, praised the bill for “recognizing the consumer benefits that can come from better alignment of government programs.” The group noted there were significant differences between how the EPA and NHTSA award and allow use of credits. Last week, automakers told U.S. regulators they should revise fuel efficiency mandates because the standards do not reflect how cheap gas prices are affecting consumer demand. Automakers want changes in the 2021-2025 requirements that would make it easier for them to comply with fuel economy standards. Former President Barack Obama’s administration finalized rules in 2012 to double the fleetwide average fuel economy to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, but the EPA revised the target to 51.4 mpg based on rising truck sales. The Obama administration said the rules would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years ",politicsNews,"October 12, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: This Hilarious Video Is The Only Way Palin’s Trump Endorsement Word Salad Makes Any Sense,"Sarah Palin s horrific word salad of an endorsement of Donald Trump on Tuesday evening didn t make sense in any language resembling English, but a viral Vine video puts Palin s praise in the only context where it works: In the mouth of Iggy Azalea.In the video from Lindsey Bieda entitled  Iggy s freestyle has gotten quite a bit weaker,  the words from Azalea s rap breakdown have been replaced by audio of Palin from the Trump announcement.Instead of the Australia-born Azalea s  Fancy,  we hear Palin s eardrum piercing rhyme:  Right wingin , bitter clingin , proud clingers of our guns, our god, and our religions. In case you feel like the creator of the Vine took poor Palin out of context, this is the entire paragraph from that section of the speech, which would probably make the most epic rap video in history if it received the same treatment:Well, and then, funny, ha ha, not funny, but now, what they re doing is wailing,  well, Trump and his, uh, uh, uh, Trumpeters, they re not conservative enough.  Oh my goodness gracious. What the heck would the establishment know about conservatism? Tell me, is this conservative? GOP majorities handing over a blank check to fund Obamacare and Planned Parenthood and illegal immigration that competes for your jobs, and turning safety nets into hammocks, and all these new Democrat voters that are going to be coming on over border as we keep the borders open, and bequeathing our children millions in new debt, and refusing to fight back for our solvency, and our sovereignty, even though that s why we elected them and sent them as a majority to DC. No! If they re not willing to do that, then how are they to tell us that we re not conservative enough in order to be able to make these changes in America that we know need to be Now they re concerned about this ideological purity? Give me a break! Who are they to say that? Oh tell somebody like, Phyllis Schlafly, she is the Republican, conservative movement icon and hero and a Trump supporter. Tell her she s not conservative. How  bout the rest of us? Right wingin , bitter clingin , proud clingers of our guns, our god, and our religions, and our Constitution. Tell us that we re not red enough? Yeah, coming from the establishment. Right.Got that?At least with the Azalea video you don t have to watch Trump off to the side, leering as he watches the grotesque display go on and on and on.Featured image via YouTube/Vine",News,"January 20, 2016",0
 ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Who Shot His Girlfriend Beaten Unconscious By Partygoers (VIDEO),"According to the NRA,  good guys with guns  across the nation are the last line of defense between some unspecified threat that could occur anywhere at any time, and something else. But who will protect the world from the  responsible gun owners  who prove themselves to be anything BUT responsible?In the latest instance of  responsible gun ownerness,  a Utah man found himself beaten to a pulp by people who were leaving a party at his home after he shot his girlfriend. According to ABC4 Utah, everyone was enjoying the all-night party until the unnamed man began fighting with his significant other. Overcome by emotion, he  responsibly  pulled out a handgun and demanded that partygoers leave his home.Obviously, confronted by a presumably drunk individual who thinks a gun is the best way to get people to leave a party, those present quickly left   but as they were in the driveway, they heard gunshots. Unified Police Department spokesperson Lex Bell says that the heroic individuals rushed back inside and pummeled the shooter, who left his victim with gunshot wounds to her ankle and hand, until he was unconscious.In an apparent effort to protect the shooter, the girlfriend told police that she  accidentally  shot herself while cleaning the gun   but law enforcement says that she was likely shot while trying to wrestle the gun away from her violent and crazy significant other. A friend who drove her to the hospital confirmed that her story was false. Fortunately, her injuries are not serious, though she may need surgery on her hand.According to area residents, the couple recently moved into the neighborhood   and after learning about their new neighbors, they are a bit concerned. One man, identified as  Dan,  called the incident  troublesome  because he has a family whose safety is placed at risk by the new  responsible gun owners  in the neighborhood.No charges have yet been filed, but Bell says that those who rushed in and heroically beat the living hell out of the shooter were likely, legally, justified.Watch a report on the attack below:Featured image via screengrab",News,"April 25, 2016",0
 WATCH: FBI May Have VERY High-Level Witness To Blow Russia Scandal Apart,"CNN is reporting that Trump s disgraced national security adviser, Gen. Michael Flynn, may be the key to blowing apart the Russia scandal. Three of four key people, including Carter Page, Roger Stone and Paul Manafort, who have their own suspicious ties to Russia, have volunteered to speak to the House Intelligence Committee, but we haven t heard from Flynn recently. CNN s sources explain why: It is starting to look like, from my sources and then also from open reporting, that Mike Flynn is the one who may have a deal with the FBI, and that s why we have not heard from him for some time. It sounds somewhat uncertain and it is right now. However, Seth Abramson, who s an attorney and also a professor at the University of New Hampshire, broke it down this way:(1) First, as an attorney I want to make clear that, if this @CNN analyst s sources are correct, the #Russiagate scandal is blown wide open.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(2) The FBI flips witnesses, turning them into cooperating individuals, _only_ when they can help secure conviction of a bigger  target.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(3) Michael Flynn was the National Security Adviser for the President of the United States. The only _bigger_ target is Donald J. Trump.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(4) But Flynn also held a clandestine meeting with Russian ambassador/spy Sergey Kislyak and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner in December  16.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(5) And Flynn coordinated with infamous Iran-Contra figure and Russian oil/gas pipeline advocate Bud McFarlane in hiring Trump s Deputy NSA.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(6) And of course Flynn had the highest possible clearance and greatest possible access to POTUS in discussing matters of national security.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(7) Flynn s hire as NSA was controversial even suspicious when it was made due to Flynn s absolutely _terrible_ reputation in Washington.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(8) This suggests the hire wasn t based on merit, but rather the fact that Flynn is _known_ to have ties (in-person ties) to Vladimir Putin.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(9) We should conclude from the foregoing that Flynn was in the best position of _anyone_ involved in #Russiagate to see _all_ its contours.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(10) Given all of the above, we can say that if any one person could bring down Trump due to #Russiagate, it s the man the FBI may now have. pic.twitter.com/sLwjBTVTcF  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017There are reports that Flynn s spokesperson has said that Flynn will neither confirm nor deny whether he s cooperating with the FBI at this time.This is a developing story that s worth keeping an eye on, because this scandal is snowballing as more information comes out. Should CNN s story come to pass, then everyone involved, including Trump, will be in a world of shit.Even Devin Nunes, who keeps insisting that finding the leakers is mre important than getting to the bottom of the scandal, won t be able to maintain his position.Featured image by Kevin Hagen via Getty Images",News,"March 25, 2017",0
Republican Senator Johnson opposes Senate tax proposal: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Ron Johnson said he opposes the Senate Republican tax proposal because it unfairly benefits corporations more than other types of businesses. “If they can pass it without me, let them,” Johnson told the Wall Street Journal in an interview. “I’m not going to vote for this tax package.” ",politicsNews,"November 15, 2017 ",1
"Macedonia wants EU membership process, Greek talks to run in tandem","LONDON (Reuters) - Macedonia hopes it has done enough to convince the European Union to start accession talks while a quarter-of-a-century-long row with neighbouring Greece rumbles on, its foreign minister said on Wednesday. Greece has vetoed the ex-Yugoslav republic s attempts to join both the EU and NATO because it says the name Macedonia implies a territorial claim over Greece s own northerly region of Macedonia. Macedonia s suggestion last month to use the name the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia as it does at other international bodies was not  immediately embraced  by Greece, Macedonia s Foreign Minister Nikola Dimitrov told Reuters. The two sides are set to meet again later this month at the U.N. General Assembly in New York. Whatever the outcome, Macedonia wants the EU to agree that accession talks - which could take years - can at least get under way.  If we have enough in terms of reform at home, we hope we will reach that stage (to start EU accession talks) and deal with the name issue in parallel,  Dimitrov said. The time it takes to go through the EU membership process might give Greece, which has previously insisted that Skopje use a compound name such as  New  or  Upper  Macedonia, enough comfort that process can be halted if needed. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker gave a boost to Macedonia s EU hopes, and those of Serbia, Albania, Montenegro, Bosnia and Kosovo, saying on Wednesday:  We must maintain a credible enlargement perspective for the Western Balkans.   Joining NATO is more clear cut, meaning that for now there is unlikely to be much leeway from Greece.  We cannot fight our way into the NATO alliance, we have to talk our way in,  Dimitrov said.  We need to be seen in Athens as an ally ... In the long run it is also in the Greek interest to have a law-governed neighbour to their northern border.  Macedonia, a small ex-Yugoslav republic of about 2 million people, declared independence in 1991 and avoided the violence that accompanied much of the breakup of Yugoslavia. It was later rocked by an insurgency among its large ethnic Albanian minority that almost tore the country apart in 2001 and it has just emerged from two years of political turmoil after a wiretapping scandal brought down the previous ruling nationalist VMRO-DPMNE party bloc in 2015. Tensions boiled over again in April when protesters stormed parliament and assaulted the country s now prime minister after his party and ethnic Albanian allies voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker. Macedonia s position just above Greece meant it was also on the key Syrian refugee and north African migrant transit route to northern Europe until the EU and Turkey struck a deal to stem the flow. Turkey is due in the coming months to receive a tranche of the money that came with the deal and Dimitrov said it was important the arrangement remained firm.  We think it is very important for Europe to continue to assist Turkey.   I think closing the Balkan route and the Turkish-EU (financial) deal together helped both Europe and the refugees have a more organised approach to the problem so both are very important and we need both to stay in place.  (This version of the story removes wrongly attributed acronym from paragraph 3) ",worldnews,"September 13, 2017 ",1
"Under pressure, PM May says she can steer Britain through Brexit","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Apologizing for losing her Conservative Party s majority at a June election, Prime Minister Theresa May responded to her critics on Sunday by saying she had the right strategy to lead Britain and win a Brexit deal. May, who has faced calls from within her party to step down, wants to use the Conservatives  annual conference in the northern English city of Manchester this week to try to reset her agenda, offering money to students and those people she once described as  just about managing  in Britain. In an interview with BBC television, she dismissed talk of  rifts among top ministers, saying they were united on their program and more importantly Brexit. That came a day after foreign minister Boris Johnson, perhaps May s biggest rival, set out four personal red lines in the complex talks with the EU. But with thousands of protesters just outside the conference center gates demanding Britain stay in the European Union, May has a long way to go to unite not only her governing party, but also the country after last year s divisive referendum vote.  We ve listened to the message that came from that (June) election. But I ve been very clear, I called the election, I led the campaign, I take my responsibility and I m sorry that some very good members of parliament lost their seats,  May said in an appeal to those party members still angry over the vote.  What I have is a cabinet that is united in the mission of this government ... and agreed on the approach that we took in Florence,  May said about a speech she made in Italy last month to try to kick-start Brexit talks that had all but stalled.   Boris is absolutely behind the Florence speech and the line that we have taken.  Arriving at the conference, Johnson was quick to say he was loyal to the prime minister. But he has yet to comment further on his four red lines, which include a transition period of no longer than two years, that he set out on the eve of the conference in what his critics said was a clear move to pressure May. Minster after minister appealed for unity from a party deeply disillusioned by the June election, with several saying the only way to win back voters was to challenge the growing appeal of the main opposition Labour Party directly.   I think one of the problems we have at the moment and what kind of rankles with me a little bit is that we have got to stop talking about the party,  trade minister Liam Fox told an event.  The party needs to stop talking about the party and start talking more about the country.  Following a bullish Labour conference last week, May hopes to fire up thousands of Conservative party members who feel let down by a disastrous election campaign, when their leader was dubbed by critics  the Maybot  for her repetition of slogans. May is now dependent on a small Northern Irish party for a majority in parliament, and opinion polls indicate Labour is a growing threat, persuading rivals in the party not to try to topple her quite yet. On her 61st birthday, she unveiled new policies to extend a program to help people buy their own homes and to freeze student tuition fees to try to win back younger people, who have flocked to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. She offered Brexit supporters a promise that she would walk away if she could not get a good deal, saying the government was working on plans for a  no deal ; and tried to keep pro-EU campaigners onside by saying she wanted an agreement. May s ally and effective deputy Damian Green said he was confident she could lead the Conservatives into the next election in 2022 and criticized those fuelling leadership speculation that hampers  a job not just for the party but more importantly for the government and the country . But May has a long way to go to win over doubters.  If you run any organization ... and something goes monumentally wrong, as did the election ... then the buck does have to stop with that individual,  said Grant Shapps, former Conservative Party chairman.   The reality is, every serious person knows, of course she can t lead us into the next election.  ",worldnews,"October 1, 2017 ",1
"U.S. presidential race tied, Clinton hurt by emails: poll","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential race is tied going into the major parties’ national conventions and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been damaged by the FBI investigation into her email use while secretary of state, a new opinion poll showed on Thursday. The New York Times/CBS News poll showed 67 percent of voters surveyed said Clinton was not honest and trustworthy, up 5 percentage points from a CBS poll conducted last month before the FBI made its findings public. As Donald Trump prepares to accept the Republican presidential nomination next week, the poll showed him in a dead heat with Clinton in a general election matchup. Each candidate drew 40 percent of the vote, compared with the 6 percentage point lead enjoyed by Clinton in last month’s survey, the poll showed. The margin of error was 3 percentage points in the CBS News/New York Times poll, which was conducted by telephone July 8-12 among a random sample of 1,600 adults nationwide, including 1,358 registered voters.   The survey showed 62 percent of voters surveyed distrust Trump as well. “But Mrs. Clinton’s shifting and inaccurate explanations of her email practices at the State Department appear to have resonated more deeply with the electorate,” the Times wrote. FBI Director James Comey said last week Clinton was “extremely careless” in the handling of classified information but the investigation found no evidence she or her colleagues intended to violate laws. The Times/CBS poll echoes the finding of a Quinnipiac Poll released on Wednesday that showed Trump pulling just ahead of Clinton in the so-called swing states of Florida and Pennsylvania as the former U.S. senator and first lady lost ground on honesty and moral standards. In contrast to the New York Times/CBS News poll, a Reuters/Ipsos online opinion poll released on Tuesday showed Clinton leading Trump by 13 points at a national level, with 46 percent to Trump’s 33 percent support among likely voters. The election is on Nov. 8. ",politicsNews,"July 14, 2016 ",1
China urges closer cooperation with Sri Lanka on key projects,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China and Sri Lanka should focus on strengthening cooperation over key investment projects, Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Monday told his visiting counterpart from Sri Lanka, amid strong local opposition to some major Chinese-invested schemes. In July, Sri Lanka signed a long-delayed $1.1 billion deal to lease its southern Hambantota port to China, ignoring an appeal by opposition parties to debate the pact in parliament. The $1.5-billion port, close to the main shipping route from Asia to Europe and likely to play a key role in China s  Belt and Road  initiative, has been mired in controversy since a Chinese firm agreed to take an 80 percent stake in it. The pact signed last year sparked widespread public anger, as Chinese control of the port, which included a plan for a 99-year lease of 15,000 acres (23 sq miles) to develop an adjacent industrial zone, provoked fears it could be used by Chinese naval vessels. Meeting in Beijing, Wang told Tilak Marapana that the two countries should take this year s 60th anniversary of establishing diplomatic ties as an opportunity, China s foreign ministry said in a statement. Both should  emphasize strengthening traditional friendship and political mutual trust, major infrastructure projects, investment and trade  to  upgrade  their relationship, Wang added. The short statement did not mention any specific projects. As one of the first countries to help in Sri Lanka s post-war reconstruction after the 2009 end of its 26-year civil war, China s ties with Sri Lanka have unnerved India, traditionally the island nation s most important partner.     By 2014, Chinese navy submarines were also docking in Colombo, raising alarm in New Delhi and prompting a push by the administration of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to claw back influence in the region. ",worldnews,"October 30, 2017 ",1
"Exclusive - Hate the tweets, love the agenda: McConnell on Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mitch McConnell, the top Republican in the U.S. Senate, says he could live without the drama surrounding President Donald Trump’s White House, but from a policy standpoint sees the new commander-in-chief as a solid ally in the mode of any president from his party. McConnell told Reuters that he finds Trump accessible and that they talk regularly, even more frequently than he spoke to the last Republican president, George W. Bush. While McConnell would not discuss the substance of their conversations, he said the two are able to be frank with one another without it damaging their relationship. “We have a good relationship. He’s never, as far as I can tell, gotten angry at me - in my presence, anyway. We have a good working relationship,” McConnell said during a roundtable with Reuters reporters on Wednesday. McConnell, who last week said he hoped to see “less drama” from the White House, said that Trump does not always take his advice. “He knows, as you all know, that I’ve not been a fan of the tweets and the extracurricular comments. I said last week we could do with a little less drama,” McConnell said. Cracking a grin, he added, “The reason I’m smiling - obviously, he’s disinclined to take my advice on some things. But it has not impaired the ability to communicate and convey my opinion, which I do frequently.” In matters of style, McConnell and Trump are a study in contrasts. The Senate majority leader is a taciturn traditionalist steeped in the ways of Washington, after more than three decades in Congress. Trump, a real estate magnate and reality TV celebrity who had never held public office until he assumed the presidency in January, airs his views regularly on Twitter and has vowed to drain what he calls the “swamp” of the U.S. capital. McConnell declined to say if he had advised Trump to speak less about the controversy dogging the administration: questions about whether associates of Trump colluded with alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign, and concerns about Trump’s abrupt dismissal of FBI Director James Comey as the agency was probing the Russia matter. On questions concerning Russia, McConnell stuck to his script. “I think all of that is going to be handled by the special counsel and the Senate intelligence committee, and I’m confident in their ability to do the job,” he said, referring to a special counsel appointed by the Justice Department last week, and to one of several congressional panels probing the Russia issue. Some Republican lawmakers and lobbyists worry the issue will slow legislative plans. Republicans have yet to chalk up significant legislative achievements despite being in control of the White House and both chambers of Congress. But McConnell said he and Trump are aligned in putting an overhaul of Obamacare and a rewrite of the tax code at the top of their agenda. McConnell acknowledged there had been doubts within his party during the 2016 campaign about what Trump would do in the White House. “This was a guy who was giving fund-raisers for (Senate Democratic leader) Chuck Schumer four or five years ago,” McConnell said. But McConnell, whose wife Elaine Chao is a member of Trump’s cabinet as transportation secretary, said he sees Trump as someone who has embraced Republican orthodoxy. “In other words, what the administration is doing, not only am I comfortable with it, but I think the vast majority of Republicans in Congress feel that this is a right-of-center presidency, which is what we had hoped” for, he said. “If you look at what the president is actually for, it strikes me as indistinguishable from what a President Jeb Bush or a President Marco Rubio would have been advocating: deregulation, tax reform, repeal and replace of Obamacare, judges like Neil Gorsuch,” McConnell said. Trump’s relationship with Congress has been boosted by the frequent and “very significant” presence of Vice President Mike Pence in the halls of Capitol Hill, McConnell said, describing Pence’s role as “serious value-added.” “He is, in my view, kind of the de facto congressional relations guy for the administration,” he said, noting Pence, a former Indiana governor and Republican congressman, has strong relationships on the Hill. McConnell described Pence as playing a similar role with Congress as Vice President Dick Cheney did during the George W. Bush administration: listening and sometimes weighing in on discussions about healthcare and tax reform. “It’s been really helpful because members feel like they can go over and whisper in his ear about whatever their particular problem is, and something will be done about it, because they’ve kind of elevated it to a higher level,” McConnell said. ",politicsNews,"May 24, 2017 ",1
PRESIDENT TRUMP Receives Patriots Jersey From Close Friend In White House Ceremony [VIDEO],"In an outdoor ceremony to celebrate the super Bowl champ New england patriots, president Trump received a football jersey with the number 45 on it. It s no secret that Trump is close with Robert Kraft, the owner of the Patriots (see below). This was a special moment!Patriots owner Robert Kraft tells Brian Kilmeade of Fox and Friends about the special friend that Trump was to him and how he went out of his way to help him after his  beloved  wife died,  I m loyal to my friends, I remember who the people are  there when the tough times are there and he did that for me. ""I remember who the people are there when the tough times are there and he did that for me."" -Robert Kraft on his friendship with Pres Trump pic.twitter.com/pQiBWDYCtF  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) February 3, 2017",left-news,"Apr 19, 2017",0
JIMMY FALLON ASKS TRUMP If He Can Mess Up His Hair…What Happens Next Is Hilarious! [VIDEO],"Trump is such a good sport. It s no wonder he relates to so many people in so many different walks of life. He s not afraid to be the butt of a joke and he always seems to genuinely enjoy having fun in spontaneous situations. It s refreshing to not have to watch a polished politician carefully measuring every action, and wondering if it will affect their support with voters Good for you Donald ",politics,"Sep 15, 2016",0
WOMAN INTRODUCING HILLARY Refuses To Say “One Nation Under God”…Hillary Laughs [VIDEO],"Watch Hillary laugh when the woman who is introducing her at one of her tiny rallies, intentionally pauses to make sure everyone notices her omission, then skips the  one nation under God  part of her speech.Hey Hillary .This might not be a good time for you to disrespect God. Who knows, you may need him someday Watch her choke on ""Under God"" & ""indivisible"" This is #HillarysAmerica #VoteTrump & #DrainTheSwamp#TrumpTheEstablishment #MAGA3X pic.twitter.com/kKESSW2pUC   MAGA Mama  (@tteegar) October 25, 2016",left-news,"Oct 26, 2016",0
" Hey Trump Fans: Trump Hasn’t Improved The Economy One Single Bit, And Here’s Proof","Trump hasn t made the economy better, no matter what he and his sheeple claim. In discussing jobs on Trump s TV network, Trump lackey Kayleigh McEnany acted as though Trump s 1 million jobs mark is some kind of record, when in fact, he lags behind Obama s final six months, and a bunch of other six-month periods during the Obama era.Obama s economy added 1.08 million jobs in his final six months. Trump s economy has added 1.07 million in his first six months. That s an average of 181,000 per month for Obama vs. 179,000 per month for Trump. This graph shows no evidence of a  Trump bump: Image via the Washington PostTrump is having fun pretending he s the best president ever, though, while he hasn t managed to get any major economic policies through Congress and signed into law. No infrastructure packages, no tax reform, no new or better trade deals, nothing. All he s done is use executive orders to eliminate some regulations. That s not enough to cause the economic surge he and his lackeys keep insisting is happening. He is so not  making America great again  in terms of jobs. We are currently feeling the continuing effects of the Obama economy.Trump has focused on the manufacturing and mining industries to the detriment of others, such as agriculture. When he pulled us out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, manufacturers cheered, while agriculture sat and stared in horror. We re responsible for an awful lot of agricultural exports to Asia, and with TPP gone, the rest of the world is stepping in to fill the void with lower tariffs and other incentives.Our agricultural industry lost a potential $10 billion bump in productivity because of Trump, and we lost competitive advantages over Europe and Australia. A four-country bloc here in the Americas Mexico, Peru, Chile and Colombia is becoming the trade leader here and is working on deals with New Zealand, Singapore and Australia, because fuck us.They have no reason not to with Trump at the helm here. Trump has zero understanding of the economy and doesn t seem to know or care that his job numbers could very easily be a sign of a slowing economy, not one gaining speed. Nor does he seem to know or care that Obama actually did much better during his second term. From February 2016 to July 2016, our economy added 1.24 million jobs. For that same period in 2015, we added 1.37 million jobs, and for those same six months in 2014, we added 1.51 million jobs.During that period in 2013, we added 1.17 million jobs. That was the first full six months of Obama s second term.And Trump has only managed to add 1.07, which, as shown above, is lower than Obama s 1.08 for his final six months. So Trump inherited a possibly slowing economy, which has only slowed more under his and the Republicans  leadership (if, indeed, it can even be called that). For the five hundred millionth time, Trump sheeple, Trump has not turned the economy around. Not even close.Read more:Featured image via Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images",News,"August 7, 2017",0
 Trump Supporter Caught In Racist Meltdown While Waiting For Coffee (VIDEO),"It s been more than a week since the election of Donald Trump and his supporters have been teaching us a big lesson   namely that they re really bad winners and that their sense of entitlement to nearly everything just escalated because their orange candidate won a few more swing states.At a Starbucks near the University of Miami, a man who thought his coffee was taking just a little too long went on a racist rant that shows exactly the type of attitude of entitlement that Trump supporters are sporting now. Fortunately, it was all caught on video by another Starbucks customer, Jorge de C rdenas.The Starbucks was crowded, as many are at any given point during any given day. The white Trump (complete with Trump-like hair and a tall, leggy blonde companion who would surely win the approval of the President Elect) voter, though, thought he deserved to get his coffee faster than the others, and if he didn t, it had to be because Starbucks employees, some of whom happen to have dark skin, hate white people.The man was, by his standards, anyway, waiting too long in line, so he started screaming  Trump!  at an African-American employee. Then he claimed that there was  anti-white discrimination  and that s why he was waiting.He said it was  anti-white discrimination,'  C rdenas says,  so he started disparaging the staff. One patron called him an asshole, so he said,  Fuck you, bitch.  That s when I started filming. C rdenas whipped out his phone to take a video just as the man called the black employee  trash,  demanded his money back, and started shouting,  I voted for Trump! Trump! You lost, now give me my money back,  at the staff:Here s the video:#trump supporter in #miami @Starbucks attacks & threatens patrons & staff bc coffee took too long, blames anti-white  discrimination  pic.twitter.com/HRj9EahrMy  jorge de c rdenas (@Jbdcl) November 16, 2016If you think this is an isolated incident, just Google  Trump supporter and you will find dozens of examples of the so-called winners behaving very badly toward People of Color, toward LGBT people, toward Jewish people and toward Muslims. Trump, unfortunately, has uncovered the ugly underbelly of angry white people. They aren t angry because they are economic victims. They are angry because they are white and increasingly, their neighbors aren t.Featured images via video screen capture. ",News,"November 17, 2016",0
 Conservatives Will Lose Their Minds When They Find Out Who The Treasury Is Putting On The $20 Bill,"Big news out of the Treasury Department: After much debate, Alexander Hamilton will remain on the $10 bill   and instead, it s Andrew Jackson who is being given the boot.According to Politico, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is set to announce two major changes to the twenty, neither of which will make America s white supremacists very happy. First, former President Andrew Jackson will be replaced by a black woman, Harriet Tubman. Tubman was a legendary fighter against slavery and is recognized as having personally shepherded hundreds of escaped slaves to freedom in the north during her lifetime. The second change is the Treasury will be changing the $5 bill to  depict civil rights era leaders. Both changes reflect the recent cultural movement to acknowledge and honor the legacy of racial justice in America. It can also be seen as a bit of condemnation for the actions of President Jackson, a man whom historians are quick to point out gave America some of its most shameful actions against Native American peoples   including the forced migration and resettlement of many tribes that would eventually become known as the Trail of Tears.Until recently, it was Alexander Hamilton who was on the chopping block. However, thanks to a resurgence of interest in the founding father s life and legacy and the outrage over Jackson, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew was adamant that Hamilton would stay, even if someone else went. So long, President Jackson!Harriet Tubman being printed on the $20 bill will be a turning point in America s cultural identity. She represents the country at its best   humane, strong and fighting for what s right. She will also be the first woman and first person of color to be represented on paper currency (Native American, Sacajawea is already on a less commonly used dollar coin.)This all has to be quite a shock to the toxic white supremacists in the country who believe that white people are being erased and replaced by  minorities.  The fact that they will have to stare at symbols of racial equality each time they use a $20 or $5 bill is deeply satisfying. Or as my colleague Oliver Willis recently put it:dear wingnuts who are going to freak out about harriet tubman on the $20. give your bills to me.  Oliver Willis (@owillis) April 20, 2016Featured image via ABC7",News,"April 20, 2016",0
 Iran Makes Damning New Claims About GOP Trying To Sabotage Obama’s Prisoner Exchange,"An explosive allegation has come out of Tasnim News against Republicans. The Secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security council said that the recent prisoner exchange between the U.S. and Iran had an attempt made by Republicans to sabotage it when they requested Iran delay release of the prisoners until the eve of the 2016 election.Ali Shamkhani, Secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security Council, released the following statement: In the course of the talks for exchanging prisoners, the Republican rivals of the current US administration who claim to be humanitarians and advocates of human rights sent a message telling us not to release these people (American prisoners) and continue this process (of talks) until the eve of US presidential elections. However  he said  we acted upon our independent resolve and moved the process forward. Source: Tasnim NewsThis is the second time that the allegations have been raised that Republicans requested Americans were to be held hostage by Iran in order to serve their domestic political interests. The first time came from the suggestion that Republicans conspired with Iran to delay the release of American hostages until Ronald Reagan was inaugurated in 1980. They were to be rewarded for this by Reagan then selling them weapons. This was supposedly done to hurt Carter s re-election while allowing Republicans to claim that the act of electing a Republican made our enemies cower in fear. Iran did end up releasing the hostages 20 minutes after Reagan completed his inaugural address.Now here we are again. There is an upcoming presidential election, Republican prospects look grim as usual and now they might have gotten caught using the same old trick a second time. If this turns out to be true, the consequences could destroy the party.One could discount this by saying it s Iran, and we can t believe what they say because they are an  enemy.  However, if you look at the fact Republicans have admitted to trying to work with Iran to hurt America before, it seems very plausible. Republicans tried to sabotage the Iranian peace deal by contacting Iran directly and suggesting that any peace deal would not last after Obama left office. They have a history of trying to conspire with Iran, for political reasons at home.Republicans are obsessed with hurting this nation, and it s people, in order to create an environment of fear, rage and paranoia. Only in this mindset would Americans ever want to vote them into power.Featured image from Pinterest",News,"February 11, 2016",0
Is Democratic Party Attempting a ‘Soft Coup’? Efforts Underway to Hijack Electoral College Vote…," 21st Century Wire says This latest episode of the Democratic Party s epic meltdown is perhaps the most embarrassing of them all. The ghosts of Hillary s defeat continue to haunt the halls of Washington and media headlines, as party operatives and their media surrogates conjure up old plots, as well as new and innovative ways to change the election results.Since Hillary Clinton s devastating defeat at the hands of underdog Republican nominee, and now President-Elect, Donald Trump, both the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party leadership have been desperately trying to claw-back the election result, or at least damage and delegitimize the incoming Trump Administration. After blaming FBI Director James Comey for Clinton s loss, party operatives, in conjunction with George Soros-backed MoveOn.org, then went on to organize street protests which turned into riots, before backing Green Party leader Jill Stein in her frantic attempt to stage a voter recount in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania   all designed to somehow reverse, or discredit Trump s historic presidential win.The only problem with this leg of the Establishment s subscribed conspiracy theory   is that it is based on a lie. Media hype aside   there is no actual evidence, beyond speculation that Russia hacked US Elections, or even hacked Clinton chief of staff John Podesta s emails posted on Wikileaks. That lie is evident right there plain sight, as Democratic Party leaders falsely state that the CIA has concluded the  Russians  hacked or interfered in the US Presidential election. The CIA never concluded anything, they simply said  the Russians probably did it.  Regardless, here s what Democrats are putting out as their lead talking point: We now know that the CIA has determined Russia s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump. This should distress every American.  (see full letter below).Despite the lack of any actual proof, the same Clinton media operatives that skewed campaign coverage, polling in their candidate s favor, and who also fabricated Trump scandals throughout the election   are now running a hysterical PR campaign  are pushing the Russian hacking conspiracy theory  with absolutely no proof to substantiate their incredible claims.Desperate to rescue his collapsed reputation, John Podesta, along with Democrat minority leader Nancy Pelosi (image, left) are now lobbying the CIA to release  evidence  it doesn t actually have   and give it to state delegate voters in the US Electoral College before they cast their official Presidential votes on December 19th.It seems as if disgraced party operative Podesta might just be digging a deeper hole for himself and his party The HillMore Democratic electors are joining the call for an intelligence briefing on Russian interference in the presidential election before they cast their votes for president on Monday.Twenty-nine electors now are pressuring Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to disclose more information about the CIA s conclusion that Russian interference helped sway the election in President-elect Donald Trump s favor.On Monday, 10 electors   spearheaded by Christine Pelosi, the daughter of House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.)   wrote an open letter to Clapper, demanding more information ahead of next week s vote. The Electors require to know from the intelligence community whether there are ongoing investigations into ties between Donald Trump, his campaign or associates, and Russian government interference in the election, the scope of those investigations, how far those investigations may have reached, and who was involved in those investigations,  the letter reads.  We further require a briefing on all investigative findings, as these matters directly impact the core factors in our deliberations of whether Mr. Trump is fit to serve as President of the United States. Twenty-eight Democrats and one Republican have now signed the letter.On Monday, the Clinton campaign voiced support for the effort. Each day that month, our campaign decried the interference of Russia in our campaign and its evident goal of hurting our campaign to aid Donald Trump,  said John Podesta, Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman, in a statement.  Despite our protestations, this matter did not receive the attention it deserved by the media in the campaign. We now know that the CIA has determined Russia s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump. This should distress every American. Continue this story at The HillREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"December 14, 2016",0
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S REMARKS at Ford’s Theatre Gala Include Warning to Terrorists: “This bloodshed MUST end. This bloodshed WILL end” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP and FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP attended the Ford s Theatre Gala tonight. President Trump vowed to protect America from terror:  We renew our resolve, stronger than ever before, to protect the United States and its allies from a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life. And it has gone on too long. This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end.As president I will do what is necessary is to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores, and work every single day to protect the safety and security of our country, our communities and our people. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ-rRMcXvyc The United States will do everything in its power to being those that are guilty to justice. President Trump spoke of Abraham Lincoln and Ford s Theatre with heartfelt fondness.Ford s Theatre is administered and maintained by the National Park Service as a historic landmark, but it is also a working theater operated by the Ford s Theatre Society. The gala is a fundraising event for the FTS, whose purpose is to secure private financing for much of the theater s programming. It dates back to the Carter Administration.Traditionally, the President has hosted a pre-gala reception at the White House. However, the Obamas chose not to attend in 2015 or 2016, citing the death of Beau Biden and  scheduling conflicts  as reasons. This led to a complete cancellation of last year s gala.",politics,"Jun 4, 2017",0
FOX NEWS REPORTER ASKS MAYOR Why She’s Using Taxpayer Money To Sue Family For Epic Christmas Light Display [VIDEO],"The drip drip drip of the Left ensuring Christmas is reduced to a quiet nonpublic celebration    This isn t a very good of taxpayer money, going after home owners for a few Christmas lights, is it?  Watters pressed.  I don t think Santa s going to be happy with you. While definitive information about the lawsuit wasn t offered up, Bendekovic did make it clear that she thinks that Watters is in no position to speak for Santa Claus. I don t think you should be voicing your opinion what Santa wants and what Santa doesn t want,  she shot back.According to the Sun Sentinel, the Hyatts have been battling with officials for years over the size and scale of the display, with the city   which considers it a nuisance   filing a lawsuit earlier this year to stop it.After years of arguing with the Hyatts to scale back the display, the city sued this year to quash the spectacle, which officials consider a neighborhood nuisance. A scheduled hearing did not take place over the summer as planned and has not yet been rescheduled.In addition to the lawsuit, the family claims on its official website that it faces $250 per day in fines for continuing the show, citing  government interference  as being at the root of the dispute. Here s a portion of a petition that is posted on the  Hyatt Extreme Christmas  website:By signing this petition, you show your support for Hyatt Extreme Christmas, a 20 year-old tradition, which has been entertaining, inspiring and motivating families from around Plantation and South Florida.The Hyatt s take great joy in creating memories for children both young and old during this special time of year. Our community can see our display of more than 200,000 lights for FREE. We give back to our community by raising awareness and funds for charitable partners such as Humane Society, Broward Food Bank and Support for the Military working with the Red Cross  Holiday Cards for Heroes .Despite facing legal woes, the Hyatts are back at it this year, bringing their display to the masses. The husband and wife duo took Watters through the display, and he interviewed some locals who fully support it. They re just not making money on this and they wanted money from us,  he said, claiming that city officials wanted the family to charge admission for the free display.  When we wouldn t give it to them, all the sudden we re in court. Via: The Blaze",politics,"Dec 18, 2015",0
Trump says working on welfare reform proposals,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he is weighing recommendations for welfare reform as his government looks for ways to cut costs. Speaking to reporters at the beginning of a cabinet meeting, Trump said some welfare recipients are taking advantage of the system, while others are not receiving enough benefits to live. He did not discuss specific recommendations. ",politicsNews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
AAR unit wins $909.4 million U.S. defense contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AAR Supply Chain Inc, a subsidiary of AAR Corp, has been awarded a $909.4 mln supply chain management contract for the U.S. Air Force’s Landing Gear Performance Based Logistics One program, the Pentagon said on Friday. Work will be performed at Wood Dale, Illinois; Miami; and Ogden, Utah, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2032, the Pentagon said in a statement. ",politicsNews,"March 24, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: PLANNED PARENTHOOD PULLS A LAME PR STUNT AND GETS BUSTED,"Desperation has set in and Planned parenthood is resorting to messy stunts that try and make anti-abortion groups look bad. I just don t think these ghouls realize that no matter what they do, this is evil and wrong Planned Parenthood claims on several of its websites that the organization s web operations have been attacked by  extremists,  but this so-called hacking has all the hallmarks of an orchestrated public relations stunt.Numerous people on Twitter pointed to evidence suggesting that this so-called hack wasn t a hack at all:A review of the source code of the main page that appears at PlannedParenthood.org shows that as of 9:30 a.m. today, the page is listed as a  Campaign  and uses a specific template named  Site Down Tempalte  (the typo is theirs). The same page then directs visitors to the Facebook page of Planned Parenthood Action Fund, the political fundraising arm of the nation s largest abortion provider.And that s where Planned Parenthood s hacking facade begins to crumble. On the splash page declaring that the organization was hacked, visitors are asked  Why do you stand with Planned Parenthood  and invited to share their stories on a separate page.And wouldn t you know it, that page functions perfectly.What next Planned Parenthood, you gonna stage a fake bombing or arson at one of your abortion clinics as a fundraising hoax? I m sure your pals at the SPLC could supply a list of likely suspects to frame.It s just a shame these ghouls can t cry racism or homophobia. Hey, maybe they should expand their services to include sex change operations or  race reassignments . I bet Bruce Jenner and Rachel Dolezal would be onboard with that.Via: Blur Brain",politics,"Jul 30, 2015",0
MEDIA ATTACKS TAYLOR SWIFT Over Refusal To Criticize President-Elect Trump,"Tom Barnes mocks Taylor Swift in his latest article, as he writes:  One Instagram is the only evidence we have that Nashville elite Taylor Swift even knew there was an election taking place in 2016. Today is the day,  she wrote on Election Day.  Go out and VOTE. Today is the day. Go out and VOTE  A photo posted by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Nov 8, 2016 at 8:01am PSTSo thirsty was the public for hints of Swift s political affiliations, that even an innocent picture of a voting line, stirred up a frenzy.  Who is Taylor Swift voting for?  skyrocketed in search queries, proving at the end of the cycle to have been one of the most popular search terms of the entire election.Fans read deeply into the symbolism of Swift s outfit and posture. Others took it as an opportunity to try to bait her into the political arena, pointing out her hypocrisy of having once styled herself as an outspoken feminist, only to back down at this most crucial moment. Admittedly some of those commentators had a point. It s difficult to look away from the fact that one of the most staunchly anti-woman candidates gallivanted into Washington followed by scores sexual assault accusations in tow, and Swift just watched.It is wrong to exploit feminism in order to sell records but then stand idly by as a misogynist ravages the country. Just FYI  Casey Mink (@Casey_Mink) November 8, 2016Swift remains to this day one of the only major A-list celebrities who has not weighed in on the election. Lady Gaga comforted fans distraught by Trump s successful attempts to reduce rape culture to  locker talk.  Kesha, Madonna, Beyonc , Nicki Minaj and Adele all connected with their fan bases to explain why Hillary Clinton offered the best way forward. Katy Perry literally did not stop singing and speaking for Clinton for the entirety of 2016. In a Time op-ed alongside a handful of clickier stunts, Swift bestie Lena Dunham said her support for Clinton was about far more than just  anatomy  or  girl power  Scores of artists have outright shamed the presidential inauguration committee for even asking to perform.Given her election silence, Swift has undoubtedly been approached, but her team has yet to offer a comment.A carefully chosen word of warning about the effect a successful Trump bid on normalizing misogyny or discrimination would have made for a natural extension of Swift s past desires to increase the level of public discourse around feminism. One could say the election is just another  narrative  she  never asked to be a part of,  and they would be correct. But if you re Swift, why not speak up? For every time she made sure that the word  feminism  was as close to her name in headlines, it feels odd she would pass on a lay-up as easy as helping clarify what  locker room talk  actually means. A close look at the fans she needs to please helps explain the silence. She caters to a white audience that used to be country and then crossed over into pop,  Ani Johnson, associate professor of Music Business at Berklee College of Music and international lecturer and consultant in music licensing, marketing and strategic startups, said in an email.  She has to  stay sweet,   stay demure    the perfect picture of the blond, blue-eyed, true blue, young American girl. She can t afford to speak up and lose sales from her red state, Republican base. It s clear to Johnson what that base wants:  a pretty girl who sings about love and has  effectively  nothing in her head.   Music.MicMeryl Streep s acceptance speech at the Golden Globes Award ceremony really backfired on her when conservatives in social media, and even some on the Left, were taken aback by her petulant attack on our President-elect Donald Trump.  Streep really gave her viewers an opportunity to see her mean, bully streak when she stood on the stage, and without any credible evidence to back it up, accused Trump of being a racist and demeaning a disabled reporter. Both of those claims are false, but who the hell needs facts when you re an Academy Award winning actress and can PRETEND they re true?The Left s obsession didn t start with Meryl Streep. As a matter of fact, some of the worst activists who mocked, lied and falsely accused Donald Trump of horrible things, were some of Taylor Swift s best friends.Hillary Clinton sycophant Lena Dunham, who admitted to sexually abusing her younger sister and lied to the world about being raped, likes to call Taylor Swift her  best friend.  She also promised to leave the country if Trump was elected. Unfortunately, she s still here. Her promise to leave the country was as honest as her manufactured claims about Donald Trump being a misogynist.Donald Trump hit back when Lena Dunham (along with a long list of  celebrities ) said she d leave the US if Trump won the election:Gigi Hadid can be seen frequently hanging out with Taylor Swift on Instagram and in the tabloids. Here s one of Swift s many photos with Hadid on her Instagram account:A photo posted by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Apr 29, 2016 at 1:25am PDTKudos to Taylor Swift for sticking to performing, and staying out of the fray when it comes to President-elect Trump; even when it means she will be harshly criticized by the people in her business for not jumping on the  Hate-Trump  bandwagon. It can t be easy to keep out of discussion when the very people she calls her  besties  are some of the loudest anti-Trumpers in the business.",politics,"Jan 14, 2017",0
New York's political leaders reach deal on 2016-17 state budget,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York state’s governor Andrew Cuomo and legislative leaders announced late on Thursday an agreement on a 2016-17 state budget that includes a plan to increase minimum wage toward $15  per hour and introduce paid family leave. “I believe that this is the best plan the state has produced in decades,” Cuomo told a news conference in state capital Albany late on Thursday ",politicsNews,"April 1, 2016 ",1
Senator McCain will vote on tax bill -No. 2 Republican,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator John McCain, who is receiving treatment for brain cancer and has missed votes this week, will be available next week to vote on the tax compromise bill, John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the U.S. Senate, said on Thursday. “He’s just resting up,” Cornyn said. ",politicsNews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
Want To Know Where Your Meat Comes From? Those Days Are Over,"One word China That s the only reason you should be furious with our government that s usually overreaching but not so much in this case. Because we were being penalized by the WHO, we decided to stop requiring a country of origin on meat. Just to clue you in, here s one of our articles that will make you furious that the meat labels are gone:Yuck! It s bad enough that China had a dog meat festival last week but now this! The USDA just removed the country of origin off of meat but it needs to come back ASAP! If there s meat smuggling going on you really don t know where it originated, but if it s China I would like to make the informed choice not to buy their meat for this reason:Chinese authorities have seized more than 100,000 tonnes of smuggled meat   some of it more than 40 years old, according to state media.The frozen meat, estimated to be worth about  300 million (3bn yuan; $483m), was seized in a nationwide crackdown. It was smelly and I nearly threw up when I opened the door,  an official from Hunan province, where 800 tonnes were seized, told the AFP news agency. Poor standards have made food safety a major concern in China. According to state newspaper the China Daily, officials from Guangxi, a southern region bordering Vietnam, found meat dating back to the 1970s. Thawed several times: Some of the meat seized in Hunan province was found to have been refrozen after thawing out while in transit, according to the reports. Yang Bo, an anti-smuggling official in Hunan province, was quoted as saying food was often transported in ordinary rather than refrigerated vehicles to save money.  So the meat has often thawed out several times before reaching customers,  he said. The Hunan province haul reportedly included beef, chicken feet and duck necks. Authorities believe meat is smuggled into China via neighboring Hong Kong and Vietnam, from countries such as Brazil and India, to sidestep import restrictions. WASHINGTON (AP)   It s now harder to find out where your beef or pork was born, raised and slaughtered.After more than a decade of wrangling, Congress repealed a labeling law last month that required retailers to include the animal s country of origin on packages of red meat. It s a major victory for the meat industry, which had fought the law in Congress and the courts since the early 2000s.Lawmakers said they had no choice but to get rid of the labels after the World Trade Organization repeatedly ruled against them. The WTO recently authorized Canada and Mexico, which had challenged the law, to begin more than $1 billion in economic retaliation against the United States. U.S. exporters can now breathe a sigh of relief,  said Republican Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas, chairman of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee. The longtime opponent of the labels helped add the repeal to a massive year-end spending bill. After the law was passed, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the government immediately would stop requiring the labels.Consumer groups say the repeal is a disappointment just as consumers are asking for more information on their food packages. Advocates say the labels help people make more informed buying decisions and encourage purchases of American meat.Before repeal, the labels told shoppers that a particular cut of meat was  born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States  or  born, raised and slaughtered in the United States.  Congress first required the labels in 2002 amid fears of mad cow disease from imported cattle. The labels weren t on most packages until 2009, though, due to delays pushed by the meat industry.Repeal became inevitable once the United States lost all its WTO appeals and the retaliation became a possibility. But the consumer groups criticized Congress for repealing the law for ground meat and pork in addition to the fresh cuts of meat that were the subject of WTO concerns.The bill was  a holiday gift to the meatpacking industry from Congress,  complained the advocacy group Food and Water Watch. Meatpackers who buy Mexican cattle were some of the law s most aggressive opponents.The repeal also was a big defeat for lawmakers from northern border states where U.S. ranchers directly compete with Canadian ranchers. Those lawmakers insisted on including the labeling in the 2002 and 2008 farm bills and this year fought to replace it with a voluntary program once the WTO rulings came down. But after years of success, this time they were not able to find enough support.Roger Johnson of the National Farmers Union, which has heavy membership in those states, said the group was  furious  about the repeal. Packers will be able to once again deliberately deceive consumers,  Johnson said.Still, there was some good news for food labeling advocates in the spending bill. Despite an aggressive push by the food industry, lawmakers decided not to add language that would have blocked mandatory labeling of genetically modified ingredients. Also, a provision by Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, would require labeling of genetically modified salmon recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration.The issue is expected to come up again in 2016, with Vermont set to require labeling on genetically modified food this summer.The day the spending bill passed, Vilsack said he would try to help Congress come up with a middle ground on labeling of engineered foods  in a way that doesn t create significant market disruption, while at the same time recognizing consumers  need to know and right to know basic information. Via: AP",Government News,"Jan 5, 2016",0
‘Meet Jeb’ – Going For Your Sympathy Vote,"21st Century Wire says As Republican, Ted Cruz and Democrat, Hillary Clinton both snatched narrow victories at the Iowa Caucuses this week, other big brand names didn t turn out so well.Nonetheless, old John Ellis, or  Jeb  Bush, is still hanging in there going into the upcoming New Hampshire primary. Although Jeb managed to get only 2.8% of the Iowa GOP caucus vote, he still has sufficient funds in his political war chest to carry on. Despite the fact that he appears to be more intelligent and compos mentis than his brother George, he still struggles to gain mass appeal.As campaign moments go, however, this has got to be one of the saddest, most doleful moments we ve seen yet. During one of Jeb s many staged,  Meet Jeb  town hall-style meetings, where segments are filmed in order to extract outtakes for use in an endless series of campaign ads, Jeb finished a good speaking stretch before sheepishly turning to a mostly disinterested audience, quietly begging them to clap for the cameras.You have to see it to believe it. Watch  ",US_News,"February 4, 2016",0
" Newt Gingrich Puts The WEIRDEST Spin On Trump’s Incessant, Shallow Tweeting","Trump has a serious lack of impulse control, particularly on social media. We ve known this forever, and it s to the point where some have begun calling for the media to return to real journalism and stop focusing on his damn tweets. Part of the reason so many feel we can t ignore them is because they represent a lack of control, and because they re the inner thoughts of a madman who thinks he s still a private citizen and can say what he wants.Newt Gingrich, one of Trump s biggest and most shameless fanboys, has a different idea and it s pretty wild. To Gingrich, Trump is intentionally using social media to manipulate what information gets out. He believes this is Trump s amazing creative skill at work: [The Apprentice] was a remarkably popular show [Trump] understands the value of tension. He understands the value of showmanship. And candidly, the news media is going to chase the rabbit. So it s better off for him to give them a rabbit than for them to go find their own rabbit. He s had them fixated on Mitt Romney now for five or six days. I think from his perspective, that s terrific. It gives everyone something to talk about.He does not think of this as chaos. He thinks of this as creativity. Gingrich went on to say how Trump has used social media to get regular Americans to attack the media for going after real issues. In other words, he believes Trump has come up with this amazing solution to the media exposing truths he doesn t want exposed. President-elect Trump s ability to communicate directly to the American people when he wants to through Facebook, through Twitter, through a variety of mechanisms that aren t traditional gives him an ability to communicate and build on majority unlike any president we have seen up until now and I suspect he will continue to use it.He is not going to fall into allowing the elite media to define who he is and allowing them to censor what the American people learned. Some think Trump is an egotistical nincompoop with onion-paper thin skin and no impulse control at all, and they re probably not wrong. Entire columns, like this one, have been devoted to his numerous, bizarre and vague statements on foreign policy, on climate change, on pretty much everything. They make Trump into a joke.Gingrich doesn t want people making Trump into a joke, so of course he s going to say that his crazy Twitter tirades are carefully calculated distractions that he crafted using his reality show expertise. There s probably no way to know for sure what Trump is up to, but we can say this: Some of his surrogates will spin any wild yarn at all to make him look like the smartest president we ve never had.And  largest majority?  I do not think that means what you think it means.Featured image by John Sommers II via Getty Images",News,"November 30, 2016",0
British spy chief says Islamist militants can execute deadly attack plans in just days,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain faces the most acute threat ever from Islamist militants seeking to inflict mass attacks, often with spontaneous plots that take just days to bring to execution, the head of the MI5 domestic intelligence agency said on Tuesday. After four militant attacks this year that killed 36 people in Britain - the deadliest spate since the London  7/7  bombings of July 2005, MI5 chief Andrew Parker said the threat was at the highest tempo he had seen in 34 years of espionage.  The threat is more diverse than I have ever known: plots developed here in the UK, but plots directed from overseas as well, plots online, complex scheming and also crude stabbings, lengthy planning but also spontaneous attacks,  said Parker.  Attacks can sometimes accelerate from inception, through planning, to action in just a handful of days,  he said in a speech in central London. The director general of MI5 rarely gives public speeches. The last was in 2015.  Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq have been in retreat for two years: They lost their de facto capital in Syria, Raqqa, on Tuesday and have been forced back into an ever-diminishing foothold along the Euphrates river valley. But as their territory, wealth and swagger decline, the militants have intensified online propaganda which has helped radicalize and inspire extremists to attack civilians in the name of Islam across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Parker said there had not yet been a large influx of British militants returning home from Syria and Iraq. Britain has foiled 20 plots in the past four years, with seven Islamist attacks prevented in the past seven months, Parker said. He said there were 500 live operations involving 3,000 people involved in militant activity. MI5, established in 1909 to counter German espionage ahead of World War One, is tasked with protecting British national security and so takes the lead, along with the police, in countering militant attacks. But after a suicide bomber killed 22 people at a pop concert by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in Manchester, MI5 began a review of how it handled intelligence on the bomber, Salman Abedi, who was known to the intelligence agencies. Abedi was not among the 3,000 people currently under active investigation by MI5, although he was one of around 20,000 people known to have some connection to extremism.  When an attack happens, we are determined, using the harsh light of hindsight, to squeeze out every last drop of learning,  Parker said.  We are constantly evolving to stay ahead.  MI5, which employs around 4,000 people, says it does not have the resources to monitor every suspicious person. It works alongside the Secret Intelligence Service, or MI6, which operates abroad, and GCHQ, Britain s eavesdropping agency.  Britain has repeatedly demanded that Silicon Valley companies do more to suppress extremist content and allow access to online communication.  After British militants rammed a van into pedestrians on London Bridge and went on the rampage through packed bars, stabbing revelers in June, Prime Minister Theresa May said Britain must be tougher on stamping out Islamist militancy and proposed regulating cyberspace. Parker said militants  abuse of the internet could slow down the rapid pace of the hunt for attackers.  This pace together with the way in which extremists can exploit safe spaces online can make threats harder to detect and give us a smaller window to intervene.  Britain s interior minister, Amber Rudd, said earlier this month that WhatsApp s end-to-end encryption communication services allowed pedophiles and organized crime groups to operate beyond the reach of the law. But Parker refrained from naming any companies directly and called for a nuanced partnership to tackle militants and serious crimes such as child abuse.  I am not somehow King Canute trying to hold back the tide of developing technology and wouldn t wish to be heard that way,  he said.  Technology is not the enemy, indeed it holds many opportunities for us.  When asked directly whether Google, Facebook and Amazon were doing enough to prevent communications among militants, he said:  There is a reasonable expectation, I think, from all of us but also from the public at large that these companies would do what they can to help us deal with these worst excesses.  ",worldnews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
"HOW 125,000 ILLEGAL KIDS Have Been Able To Avoid Deportation","Did you know that only 3% of the 125,000 illegal minors have been deported? Thomas Homan, the head of deportation operations at ICE, told the Senate Judiciary Committee says that the Spanish-language media is giving instructions on how to avoid ICE agents and foil deportation orders. The pitiful effort to apprehend and deport illegals only fuels the desire for more and more illegals to try and cross into America. In fact, the numbers are expected to increase for 2016!Spanish-language media and human rights activists are actively educating illegal immigrants on how to break the law, avoid immigration agents and remain in the country even after a judge has ordered them to be kicked out, a top Obama administration official testified to Congress on Tuesday.Sometimes families shield the children by refusing to open the door to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents, and other times they move the children to other locations, breaking their agreement with the Obama administration to notify the government of the children s whereabouts.HERE S THOMAS HOMAN S TESTIMONY FROM 2014: In as many as 75 percent of cases, the children are actively hidden from agents sent out to try to deport them, Thomas Homan, the head of deportation operations at ICE, told the Senate Judiciary Committee. Even though we re out looking for them, it s getting more difficult, based on everything I just told you, to actually apprehend these people and remove them,  he said.Overall, only about 3 percent of the more than 125,000 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) who surged across the border in the last 30 months have been deported, as Mr. Homan and his agents struggle with the sheer size of the population and the difficulties in tracking them down.The Department of Homeland Security last month began trying to target children and families for deportation, working about 1,800 leads. But only 121 were actually rounded up.Mr. Homan said that s because when they show up at the address where the children are supposed to be staying, usually the agents leave empty-handed. For the number of UACs we arrested since January, three times as many weren t at the address they were supposed to be at, never were or weren t there any longer. The Spanish media, Spanish newspapers, a lot of NGOs are educating these folks on how not to comply with law enforcement,  Mr. Homan said.  There s been many situations where we ve been at the residence, we know they re there, but they won t open the door. My officers don t have the authority, of course, to go into that house. What a pitiful effort. We know where they are, we even know they re in the house, but we don t have the  authority  to go in? If they know these facts, why can t they get a search order? A lawful deportation order has been issued, and the government won t do what s necessary to enforce it.Read more: American Thinker",Government News,"Feb 25, 2016",0
BOOM! TX Governor Will CUT FUNDING To County Where Sheriff Of Sanctuary City Refuses To Cooperate With Feds [VIDEO],"Soon after newly elected Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez announced she would be scaling back her department s cooperation with federal immigration agents, Gov. Greg Abbott tweeted that his office will cut funding  for Travis County adopting sanctuary policies. The Governor's Office will cut funding for Travis County adopting sanctuary policies. Stiffer penalties coming. https://t.co/yYxeXql3xL  Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) January 20, 2017 Stiffer penalties coming,  his tweet says.This week, the American-Statesman reported that she had notified the county that it would soon no longer be complying with federal agents  requests in many cases. The county consequently could lose up to $1.8 million in grants because the governor s office requires compliance in order to receive grants.Gov. Greg Abbott said via Twitter in response to the Statesman s report,  I m about to up the ante. No more sanctuary cities in Texas. Texas Governor Greg Abbott warned he would cut off aid to Sheriff Hernandez if she refused to cooperate with the Federal immigration agencies:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=DXPmp2XIizk&pbjreload=10The Travis County sheriff s office has a $169 million budget, according to the county s budget website. The $1.8 million would represent 1 percent of that budget.Earlier: In a major policy shift that is already being met with controversy, Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez on Friday announced that she is scaling back the amount of aid her department provides federal immigration agents in detaining suspects who may be in the country illegally.Traditionally, the county has honored nearly all requests by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to hold a suspect booked into jail when agents have wanted to investigate their status further. However, effective Feb. 1, sheriff s officials will honor so-called immigration holds or  detainers  placed by federal authorities only when a suspect is booked into the Travis County Jail on charges of capital murder, aggravated sexual assault and  continuous smuggling of persons. Otherwise, federal agents must have a court order or arrest warrant signed by a judge for the jail to continue housing a person whose immigration status is in question, according to Hernandez s policy, which she released Friday. The public must be confident that local law enforcement is focused on local public safety, not on federal immigration enforcement. Our jail cannot be perceived as a holding tank for ICE or that Travis County deputies are ICE officers,  Hernandez said in a video announcement.  My Statesman",politics,"Jan 23, 2017",0
U.S. to stage drill with three carriers as Trump visits Asia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups will exercise together in the Western Pacific in the coming days in a rare show of force as President Donald Trump visits Asia with warnings about the nuclear threat from North Korea, U.S. officials say. The drill will include the USS Nimitz, the Ronald Reagan, the Theodore Roosevelt and their accompanying warships, the first time three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups have exercised together in the region in a decade. A Japanese destroyer, the Inazuma, will join the armada, two Japanese government officials said, following a separate three-day exercise with the Reagan and two Indian warships in the Sea of Japan that ended Monday.    U.S. officials have previously said the drill was under consideration and that planning was under way. The decision to soon go forward with the exercise in the Western Pacific has not been previously published. The four U.S. officials and two Japanese sources who discussed the drill with Reuters spoke on condition of anonymity, and did not disclose the precise date or location of the exercise. The Pentagon and the Navy’s Pacific Fleet declined comment on future operations. Reuters was not aware of any plans for Trump to visit the carriers. Trump has reiterated his tough rhetoric against North Korea over its nuclear and missile programs since starting a 12-day trip to Asia on Sunday. Speaking in Tokyo on Monday, Trump renewed his warning that the “era of strategic patience” with North Korea was over. The U.S. leader, who began a visit South Korea on Tuesday, has rattled some allies with his vow to “totally destroy” North Korea if necessary to defend the United States or its allies, and with his dismissal of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a “rocket man” on a suicide mission. Kim has called Trump a “mentally deranged U.S. dotard.” The last time three U.S. carrier strike groups exercised together was in 2007, when the Nimitz, along with the John C. Stennis and Kitty Hawk carrier strike groups participated in drills near Guam. Such large-scale drills serve as a potent reminder of the U.S. ability to rapidly mobilize military force, a capability  the Trump administration has been keen to emphasize as Pyongyang races ahead with tests to build a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the United States. Since taking office, Trump has vowed to expand the fleet of U.S. carriers, even as some military strategists and experts believe the massive ships would be increasingly vulnerable to modern Chinese and Russian weapons in any conflict. Singapore-based military expert Tim Huxley said the presence of the U.S. carriers still sent an unmistakable message, with each one carrying 70-odd aircraft.   “Beyond the capability to project military power at great range, their ability to project political and psychological power is arguably unmatched, and we are seeing that play out,” said Huxley, of the International Institute for Strategic Studies. “While in a war against China, U.S. carriers might be vulnerable, they wouldn’t be in any conflict against North Korea...and three U.S. carriers can deliver a tremendous amount of airpower.” Carrier commanders say the strike groups are kept combat ready at all times, with jet fighters and surveillance planes flying constantly from their flight decks to maintain a protective screen. U.S. defense officials noted recently the presence of the three U.S. carriers in the region was reassuring allies, even though it was long scheduled. “It does demonstrate a capability that no other nation in the world can do,” Joint Staff Director Lieutenant General Kenneth McKenzie Jr said earlier this month. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying called for restraint during a regular news briefing on Tuesday when asked about the carriers, saying the situation on the Korean peninsula was complex and severe. “All relevant sides should exercise restraint, avoid irritating each other, dedicate themselves to lowering the tense situation on the peninsula, and at the same time make positive efforts to get the North Korean nuclear issue back on a track to a resolution via talks as soon as possible,” Hua said, reiterating the long-held Chinese position. The CIA has said North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, on a trip late last month to South Korea, was at pains to stress that diplomacy was America’s preferred course to get North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons. Still, he warned Pyongyang that its military was no match for the U.S.-South Korean alliance, and that diplomacy was most effective “when backed by credible military force.” ",politicsNews,"November 6, 2017 ",1
COUNTRY MUSIC STAR DELIVERS AWESOME MESSAGE TO YOUNG PEOPLE,"Country music star Blake Shelton apparently had a lot on his mind earlier this week, as he took to Twitter and delivered a rather awesome message to young people about learning to think for yourself and watching out for media bias.With the entertainment industry stuffed to the gills with brain dead liberal wackos, it s super refreshing to hear this message coming from someone with this kind of cultural clout.To all you young people out there. Make up your own minds about this country and the rest of the world. Listen, read, watch and decide.  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 201And remember that Hollywood celebrities opinions or mine for that matter are no better than yours.. In fact I d rather hear yours.. #truth  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Microphones only make a voice louder  Not powerful. Remember that. https://t.co/k4ild1HLfI  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Oh and lastly.. When you watch the news channels, try to watch ALL of them. Every single one of them has an affiliation/agenda. Every one.  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Ok sorry about the lecture  Now back to my regularly scheduled drinking.  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Nice.Shelton is absolutely right.Too many young people today are ready and willing to have their minds made up for them on important issues by going with popular opinion or being swayed by what celebrities think on a certain topic.Celebrities may have really cool jobs, tons of money, and large platforms with which to spread a message, but that doesn t mean their opinion is more important than anyone else s, nor does it mean their views are right.Young folks today aren t taught to engage the world with critical thinking anymore. They re taught to go along with the progressive program, and whenever a student dare think outside the box, teachers and cultural figures are there to shame them back into their proper place.The media today is absolutely biased, and paying attention to what all the networks are doing is a good way to stay on top of differing sides of an issue, although some outlets are so far to the left it s enough to turn off even the most objective, political centristLet s hope Shelton s message hit home and inspires some in the younger generation to start thinking more for themselves rather than just going with the flow of popular opinion.Read more: IJReview",politics,"May 14, 2015",0
Zimbabwe military's statement after seizing power,"HARARE (Reuters) - Following is the text of an address made by Zimbabwe Major General SB Moyo, Chief of Staff Logistics, on national television after the military seized power:  Following the address we made on November 13, 2017, which we believe our main broadcaster, the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation and The Herald were directed not to publicize, the situation in our country has moved to another level. Firstly, we wish to assure the nation that His Excellency the President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, and commander-in-chief of Zimbabwe Defence Forces, Comrade RG Mugabe, and his family are safe and sound and their security is guaranteed.  We are only targeting criminals around him who are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country in order to bring them to justice.  As soon as we have accomplished our mission, we expect that the situation will return to normalcy. To the civil servants, as you are aware, there is a plan by the same individuals to influence the current purging that is taking place in the political sphere to the civil service. We are against that act of injustice and we intend to protect every one of you against that.  To the judiciary, the measures underway are intended to assure that as an independent arm of the state you are able to exercise your independent authority without fear of being obstructed as has been the case with this group of individuals.  To our members of parliament, your legislative role is of paramount importance for peace and stability in this country and it is our desire that a dispensation is created that allows you to serve your respective political constituencies according to democratic tenets.  To the generality of the people of Zimbabwe we urge you to remain calm and limit unnecessary movement. However, we encourage those who are employed and those with essential business in the city to continue their normal activities usual. Our wish is that you enjoy your rights and freedoms and that we return our country to a dispensation that allows for investment, development and prosperity that we all fought for and for which many of our citizens paid the supreme sacrifice.  To political parties we urge you to discourage your members from engaging in violent behavior.  To the youth we call upon you to realize that the future of this country is yours. Do not be enticed with dirty coins of silver. Be disciplined and remain committed to the ethos and values of this great nation.  To all churches and religious organizations in Zimbabwe we call upon you and your congregations to pray for our country and preach the gospel of love, peace, unity and development.  To both our people and the world beyond our borders, we wish to make it abundantly clear that this is not a military takeover of government. What the Zimbabwe Defence Forces is actually doing is to pacify a degenerating political, social and economic situation in our country, which if not addressed may result in a violent conflict.  We call upon all the war veterans to play positive in ensuring peace, stability and unity in the country.  To members of the defense forces, all leave is canceled and you all to return to your barracks with immediate effect.  To our respected traditional leaders, you are our custodians of our culture, customs, traditions and heritage and we request you to provide leadership and direction to your communities for the sake of unity and development in our country.  To the other Security Services: We urge you to cooperate for the good of our country. Let it be clear that we intend to address the human security threats in our country. Therefore any provocation will be met with an appropriate response.  To the media; we urge you report fairly and responsibly.  Thank you  ",worldnews,"November 15, 2017 ",1
"London sky turns yellow as storm blows in Saharan dust, Spanish smoke","LONDON (Reuters) - The sky over London turned an unusual shade of yellow on Monday as Storm Ophelia brought dust from the Sahara and smoke from wild fires in southern Europe that filtered out certain wavelengths of sunlight. Downgraded from a hurricane overnight, Ophelia caused two deaths in Ireland on Monday, where it was the worst storm in half a century. While winds were moderate in the British capital, the yellow sky surprised Londoners, many of whom posted pictures on social media.  As Ophelia has come up from the Azores, the storm has picked up Saharan dust from North Africa and picked up dust from wild fires in Spain and Portugal,  a spokeswoman for Britain s Met Office said.  This yellowish hue is from the dust that is high up in the atmosphere and the blue element of the sunlight is scattered by the dust but the red element gets through so the sun appears redder and you get this sort of yellowish tinge,  she said. ",worldnews,"October 16, 2017 ",1
LIVE FEED: Trump “Thank You” Tour In NC With Ret. General James Mattis [Video], ,left-news,"Dec 6, 2016",0
 Spicer Giggles Like An Idiot After Admitting Trump Only Believes News When It Favors Him (VIDEO),"In a deeply disturbing moment during Press Secretary Sean Spicer s latest bonkers press briefing, he read verbatim a quote given to him by Trump that admitted the sitting President of the United States only believes facts when they make him look good. Everything else is  fake news. Spicer was asked during the briefing about the latest jobs report which showed America gaining a very healthy number of jobs. (There is no evidence to suggest this is due to Donald Trump, and in fact, it merely fits with the pattern of unrelenting job growth that came to define Obama s presidency. Trump has thus far done little to help the economy and nothing to help middle class workers, again suggesting this economic growth isn t the result of his presidency but merely his good fortune for having inherited a booming economy from his Democratic predecessor.)Despite the fact that there is little evidence of Trump s influence, his administration has been taking victory laps over the economic news. A reporter correctly noted that it s a bit odd that Trump would be so willing to trust the jobs report this time when he has previously gone on record to suggest that jobs reports under Obama were fabricated and false   a claim which, in 2015, earned him a  pants on fire  Politifact rating. Why the sudden change?The answer is so obvious that even Trump had no problem admitting it: He only believes the news when it benefits him. They may have been phony in the past, but it s very real now. Q: Trump has said jobs rpts are ""phony"", what about now?SPICER: ""They may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now."" via @MSNBC pic.twitter.com/PDt1Q8hrbp  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 10, 2017Rather than find that mindset pathological and terrifying, Spicer thought it was hilarious. Even more troubling, the reporters in the room burst into laughter too. Everyone laughing should be ashamed. It wasn t a joke. Trump is signaling the fact that his administration will be run on the premise that he defines what is  real  and what is  fake.  If it s pro-Trump, it s legitimate. If it s inconvenient, it s  fake news  created by the  Deep State  and the  liberal media  out to get him.That s the kind of paranoid delusions that quickly spiral into fascism. And Spicer is giggling about it.Featured image via Twitter",News,"March 10, 2017",0
 WATCH: GOP Congressman Goes Full RACIST On First Night Of Convention,"Republican congressman Steve King (IA) launched into the first night of the Republican National Convention with a racist tirade on MSNBC. He made the argument that white people have contributed the most to civilization, and downplayed what other races have done.King told the members of a panel on the network in response to a comment about how much older and whiter the convention audience is than most of America: I d ask you to go back to your history and figure out where these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people that you re talking about. Where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization? King went on to praise  western civilization itself  as solely the product of whites, citing western Europe and the United States as the product of white ingeniuity.The congressman failed to note the myriad of contributions made by blacks, Latinos, Asians, and other races, or that many of the white contributions he cited were made at the expense of slave labor using blacks, especially in the United States.King, who has been ranked one of the least effective members of Congress, has a history of controversial and off-the-wall comments. King defended candidate Todd Akin after he said a woman with a  legitimate rape  would have her body  shut down  to prevent pregnancy.When he opposed immigration reform, King notoriously said: For every one who s a valedictorian, there s another 100 out there who weigh 130 pounds and they ve got calves the size of cantaloupes because they re hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert. Opposing President Obama in 2008, King said: I will tell you that, if he is elected president, then the radical Islamists, the al-Qaida, the radical Islamists and their supporters, will be dancing in the streets in greater numbers than they did on September 11. Slamming affirmative action, King said,: There s been legislation that s been brought through this House that sets aside benefits for women and minorities. The only people that it excludes are white men Pretty soon, white men are going to notice they are the ones being excluded. So these racist comments, in the context of one of the most explicitly racist campaigns from either party, are nothing new in Steve King s resume.Featured image via screen capture",News,"July 18, 2016",0
WATCH CLUELESS CLINTON SUPPORTERS Agree With Donald Trump Quotes [Video],"Secretary Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have very different views on just about everything. Jimmy always wonders about whether people are really paying attention to those issues or not. For the most part, he thinks it doesn t matter what a candidate says, it just matters which candidate says it. To put this theory to the test, we asked diehard members of Team Hillary if they agreed with some stuff Hillary has said. But the quotes we asked about were not from Hillary, they were actually quotes from Donald Trump. So will these Democrats agree with Donald Trump? ",politics,"Aug 6, 2016",0
Vietnam prosecutes bank officials in corruption crackdown," (This Nov. 24 story has been refiled to correct paragraph eight to say former CEO was not among the five people prosecuted.) HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has prosecuted five former officials of the unlisted Dong A Bank for violating rules that  lead to serious consequences , police said on Friday, part of a widening investigation involving the Ho Chi Minh City-based lender. Energy and banking firms are at the heart of a sweeping crackdown on corruption in the communist state, a campaign that made global headlines this year when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping a Vietnamese businessman in Berlin. The troubled, partly private Dong A Bank is among several lenders under scrutiny of the authorities who say they want to tackle corruption, including abuse of power and violation of lending rules.  The Investigation Police Department of the Ministry of Public Security is urgently investigating the case,  police said in a statement.  Abuse of trust to appropriate assets, deliberate violation of state regulations on economic management that led to serious consequences and the violation of lending provisions ... occurred at Dong A Commercial Joint Stock Bank (DAB),  police  said. The five former officials were banned from leaving their homes, police said. Dong A Bank said it would respond to a Reuters request for comment later in the day. The bank s former chief executive officer Tran Phuong Binh was arrested in 2016 along with four other executives. The central bank, the State Bank of Vietnam, had placed Dong A Bank under special supervision in 2015  for violations in financial management and credit grants  by some executives. The ministry of public security said in a statement on Friday that 17 people have been arrested in the Dong A Bank fraud case.  ",worldnews,"November 24, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: Mexico’s President Cancels Visit With Trump Over Defending Our US Border From Lawbreakers…But Wrongfully Imprisoning US Marine Tahmooressi For “Border Violation” Was No Big Deal,"On March 31, 2015 Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was driving with his friends to go to a Mexican restaurant and accidentally missed the last exit before the Mexican border. Without the ability to turn around before he crossed the border, he proceeded to the Mexican customs post, where he explained that he missed the exit before the crossing, and volunteered that he had three US legal guns in the vehicle. After that, Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was arrested and charged with gun smuggling into Mexico.While we all understand the problem of illicit arms and drug smuggling between Mexico and the US, it is clear that Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was not part of it. He made an honest mistake, admitted it to the Mexican border agents, and was arrested anyway. His admission and cooperation with the Mexican authorities strongly attest to his innocent intent.Tahmooressi was released in November when a Mexican judge was finally convinced to do so on humanitarian grounds. His lengthy prison stay became a farce and a failure under the Obama administration, culminating in a September congressional hearing that was  highly critical of Obama Administration efforts to secure his release and Mexico s refusal to let him go. With the swipe of a pen on Wednesday, President Trump green lighted the construction of a border wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and vastly increased the presence of border agents. Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto soon expressed regret over the new U.S. leader s actions and pledged to protect Mexicans already in the States. Where there is a Mexican migrant at risk that requires our support, your country should be there,  Pe a Nieto said in a brief address to his nation, which he said was a response to Trump s actions earlier in the day. Our communities are not alone,  Pe a Nieto said.  The Mexican Government will provide them with the legal advice, which guarantees the protection they require.The 50 Mexican consulates in the U.S. will be advocating on behalf of Mexicans, Nieto explained. He added (again) that he does not intend to pay for Trump s border wall. Mexico offers and demands respect as the fully sovereign nation we are,  he insisted.BREAKING: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto says he has informed the White House he has canceled trip to Washington.  The Associated Press (@AP) January 26, 2017Nieto is apparently so distressed by Trump s executive actions that he is considering canceling their scheduled meeting for next week, where they were due to discuss not only immigration, but trade.Trump said that if Nieto is not willing to pay for the wall, he can go ahead and cancel.  Townhall",left-news,"Jan 26, 2017",0
" WATCH: 20 Years Ago, David Bowie Saw America’s Dark Future","Almost 20 years ago, David Bowie released a music video in conjunction with Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails that was disturbingly prophetic. The song  I m Afraid of Americans  was heavily critical of the accelerating dumbing down of American culture. The video took a slightly different tack and was heavily critical of America s increasingly out of control obsession with guns. Together, they gave us a painfully accurate glimpse of America two decades later: Loudly belligerent, proudly ignorant and dangerously violent.And this video was released back in 1997, well before America declared war on the Middle East and slaughtered hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of revenge, racism and religion. When Bowie sings the lyric,  God is an American,  he wasn t commenting on religion so much as commenting on America s theocratic tendencies and what they mean for the rest of the world.  I m Afraid of Americans  might as well be the national anthem of any country with a sizable Muslim population. Or oil. And Allah help you if your country has both.But the predictions didn t stop there. With a few simple lyrics like  Johnny wants a brain, Johnny wants to suck on a Coke,  Bowie accidentally summed up the entire career of Sarah Palin:The video is just as prescient, showing several scenes of Americans pantomiming gun violence. It turns out that David Bowie s character in the video is being delusional (no one had a gun) but it s an accurate reflection of how the world saw the United States back then. Even more so now than in 1997. Not for nothing, in 2015, we averaged more than one mass shooting a day. What s horrors await us in 2016?Here s  I m Afraid of Americans. On Sunday, January 10, 2016, David Bowie died of liver cancer after an 18 month fight. His musical legacy stretches decades and for anyone over the age of 35, he was an integral part of their childhood dreams and nightmares. Long live Jareth the Goblin King!Featured image via screencap.",News,"January 11, 2016",0
MSNBC’S CHRIS MATTHEWS DEFENDS VA SHOOTER: “He did understand inequality” [Video],"Chris Matthews tried his best to create sympathy for the loser who shot random Republicans. Can you believe it? MSNBC host Chris Matthews got political in his defense of Alexandria shooter James T. Hodgkinson:  We don t know what sadness was in this guy s life ,,,,Blah, Blah, Blah INEQUALITY!Matthews had the unbelievable gaul to bring up sympathy for this guy making an excuse for his heinous act by using class warfare  inequality  is exactly the twisted thinking that caused this loser to shoot people:Hodgkinson was a hater of Republicans and President Trump. He volunteered for Sen. Bernie Sanders during the 2016 election. His deranged view of conservatives lead to the shooting.Check out the word salad ramble of Matthews trying to somehow justify what would make someone shoot Republicans: Howard, you and I know each other. You know what goes into somebody s we can say wacky behavior because they re dead. We don t know what sadness was in this guy s life   what his prospects were. Something that made him mad at the world so he focused on Republicans. He did understand inequality as an issue. Bernie Sanders wrote about that in the paper the other day. There s nothing wrong with the issue. It s a great issue to fight for if you re a progressive. But he got it into his head that he was going to get better equality of incomes in this country by killing people. That s not going to happen. ",politics,"Jun 15, 2017",0
Trump picks FCC member Pai to lead agency: Bloomberg,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will name Ajit Pai, a Republican member of the Federal Communications Commission, to lead the agency, Bloomberg News reported on Friday, citing a person familiar with the transition. Pai has dissented from the decisions of Democrats on the FCC that supported net neutrality provisions that forbid internet service providers from blocking or slowing web traffic to some users.  ",politicsNews,"January 20, 2017 ",1
Norway's police downgrade threat level,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norwegian police said on Wednesday they had lowered the national threat assessment, but still regarded an attack by militants as a possibility. The risk level was lowered to  possible  from  likely , reversing an April decision to raise the threat assessment following an Oslo bomb scare and an attack in neighboring Sweden, where four people were killed. ",worldnews,"November 22, 2017 ",1
 This AWESOME Book Tells Us Everything We’ll Ever Need To Know About ‘Respecting’ Trump,"Trump is not one for giving respect to anyone who actually deserves it. He claims he s just not  politically correct,  but in reality, he s possibly the most offensive, hurtful, insulting public figure we ve had in decades. To that end, someone has published a book called, Why Trump Deserves Trust, Respect & Admiration. Don t let the title fool you, though. The author, David King, spent years doing research for this, which led him to be on our side.Or (to save everyone from an entire, exhaustive review) it s a book full of blank pages.Seriously.Blank pages.That s it.That s all.There s nothing else, except one single note at the top of each page, which says: These blank pages speak a thousand words, but feel free to use for notes. In addition to that, this book, which is for sale on Amazon, has a product description that reads: This book is full of blank pages. Despite years of research, we could not find anything to say on this subject, so please feel free to use this book for notes. I m GONE pic.twitter.com/MQTqEuRlJr  ??? (@jigokunt) December 29, 2016We don t know about you, but we d likely use it to make lists of all the reasons Trump has neither earned, nor deserves, our respect and admiration. He is a legend in his own mind, and an orange, narcissistic, shitfaced demagogue to those of us who can still think.That s not all, though. The book also carries its own description on the back: Drawing upon exclusive interviews and exhaustive research, political analyst David King has compiled a complete and brilliantly accurate account of Donald Trump s virtues and qualities. This is a refreshingly different biographical masterpiece. If you didn t already know what this was, you might want to burn this book in protest. However, it s worth at least one look, given that King and his blank pages freely admit that Trump has absolutely no redeeming qualities worthy of our respect, admiration and trust.Does Trump actually deserve our respect? Our admiration? There s a difference between the Office of the President and the person who s occupying said office. Trump has done nothing to earn either. He claims credit for things he hasn t done, like consumer spending during the Christmas season. He s come under fire for sexually assaulting women. He s blatantly racist.And so on, and so forth. There s not a reason in the world that anyone with two brain cells rubbing together should respect and admire Trump.As for trust, all we could ask when we first saw the title was,  Really?  But this book, with page after page of absolute nothingness, addresses that, too. There s no trusting someone who lies about literally everything, not to mention claims he s the only person in the known and unknown universes who can solve our problems.Of course, some will see this as a publicity stunt, or a way of exercising the old adage,  A fool and his money are soon parted.  It starts at $5.42 for a new paperback from Amazon, if you re on Prime. If not, you can get it for $8 new.Even if nobody buys it, it s still an amazing statement to make about the horror that is Cheetolini.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images, and screen capture from embedded tweet",News,"January 2, 2017",0
South Africa's opposition asks court to force disclosure of Zuma's legal costs,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s main opposition party said on Sunday it had asked the High Court to force President Jacob Zuma to disclose how much the state has spent on legal fees to fight corruption allegations against him. Democratic Alliance (DA) Federal Council Chairperson James Selfe said in a statement the opposition party had asked the court to direct the President to write to parliament within five days confirming the total amount spent. The DA walked out of a parliamentary session addressed by Zuma on Nov. 2 in protest over the potential cost to the public purse of his legal fees. Zuma had failed to answer a question about how much had been spent since May 1, 2009 to defend 783 corruption charges against him that were dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) before he ran for the presidency.   By avoiding the question, the DA believes that both the President, and the Deputy Speaker, Lechesa Tsenoli, presiding at the time who allowed President Zuma to avoid the question, acted unlawfully and unconstitutionally,  Selfe said.  Given that the taxpayer has most likely footed the bill for the President s legal costs, the full amount spent should be revealed, in the public interest.  South Africa s High Court reinstated the 783 charges last year and the Supreme Court upheld that decision in October, rejecting an appeal by Zuma. The 75-year-old president is still trying to prevent the NPA from filing the charges. ",worldnews,"November 12, 2017 ",1
Chorus grows for Clintons to shutter charitable foundation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Clinton Foundation, the family philanthropy of Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, should shut down or transfer operations to another charity despite its good work to avoid perceptions of “pay-for-play,” The Washington Post and USA Today said in editorials on Wednesday.  Despite plans announced earlier this week to reorganize the Clinton Foundation if Hillary Clinton wins the Nov. 8 election, USA Today said the global charity must close for the Democratic candidate to avoid any appearance of unethical ties.  “The only way to eliminate the odor surrounding the foundation is to wind it down and put it in mothballs, starting today, and transfer its important charitable work to another large American charity such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation,” the paper’s editorial board wrote.   The Gates Foundation declined to share its thoughts on the idea. “We really can’t speculate about the future of the Clinton Foundation,” Amy Enright, a Gates Foundation spokeswoman, wrote in an email. The newspaper also published an editorial by Donna Shalala, the Clinton Foundation’s president, in which she argued that the foundation helps millions of people, especially in developing countries, and so scaling down its work was not simple. “This suggestion ignores how global philanthropy works, and the reality that there are human beings around the world who would be affected by these decisions,” Shalala wrote. The foundation announced on Monday that it would stop accepting at least some foreign and corporate donations if Clinton wins the presidency and that her husband, former President Bill Clinton, would resign from the foundation’s board. The Washington Post said in its editorial that these changes were insufficient and should have happened sooner, before Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. “The foundation undoubtedly does worthwhile work,” the Post’s editorial board wrote. “Should Ms. Clinton win, all of that work and all of the foundation’s assets should be spun off to an organization with no ties to the first family.” The Clintons’ daughter, Chelsea Clinton, remains on the board of the charity, the full name of which is the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation. The call from two leading U.S. news organizations came as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and other members of his party have taken to calling for a special prosecutor to investigate what they say is corruption. The Clinton campaign has dismissed such calls as groundless political smears. Republicans see attacking Clinton over the organization as a way of unifying conservatives divided over Trump, who has never held elected officer and who often deviates from conservative orthodoxy. Democrats hope the controversy comes too late to make a difference in the election, in which most national public opinion polls show Clinton ahead.  The foundation has said Hillary Clinton was not involved with the group while serving as the nation’s top diplomat. The Clinton campaign denies Clinton ever took any action because of donations to the foundation. Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told MSNBC on Wednesday that Clinton does not have a conflict of interest with charitable work, and pointed to her rival’s business interests with Wall Street, China and Russia. “Donald Trump and his bottom line and his networks are directly connected to all kinds of international entities ... and nobody’s asking him to disclose or divest,” Mook said of the New York businessman. Trump has responded by saying it is Clinton, not he, who has close ties to Russia. ",politicsNews,"August 24, 2016 ",1
"WHY Did Two Major Companies, Who Cash In On EASTER Candy Sales, Hiding “Easter” From Packaging?","Americans watch in horror, as ISIS systematically destroys any signs of Christianity in the Middle East. Meanwhile in America, the Left is doing the very same thing but in a much more inconspicuous way. They ve made every effort to remove Christianity from the public s view. They ve removed Christianity from school organizations, public places, and now, in the marketing of products specifically related to religious holidays for the Christian consumer Cadbury was inundated with furious comments from customers on Twitter, questioning why the Easter treats simply said  milk chocolate egg  with no mention of the Christian festival. One said:  Some of us want to know why Easter is hidden on the back now? Why change a good thing??  while another commented:  Disgusting you ve dropped the word  EASTER .Cadbury sent endless replies to irate shoppers denying claims that they have a policy to remove the Easter slogan on packaging.They wrote on their Twitter:  Easter s on the back of our packaging with the other product details.Both Cadbury and Nestle denied that they were getting rid of the word  Easter  from their products. The word  Easter  is not included on the front of the packaging for their Mini Eggs Giant Egg or their Dairy Milk Buttons Egg, but  Happy Easter  is branded on a special edition of the Dairy Milk chocolate bar. It s not on the front as the seasonal design shows what it is.  As a seasonal treat the eggs will always be linked with Easter.  However customers remained unconvinced, accusing the company of  hiding  any mention of Easter on the back.Both Cadbury and Nestle denied that they were getting rid of the word  Easter  from their products. Via: Daily Mail ",left-news,"Mar 29, 2016",0
OBAMA UNHINGED AND ANGRY: “He not doin’ nothin!” [Video], ,politics,"Nov 4, 2016",0
BOOM! TOMI LARHEN Destroys The Idiotic “Day Without Immigrants”: “A load of horsecrap!” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCS4RB9G13M,politics,"Feb 18, 2017",0
ANTI-GUN Zealot KATIE COURIC Hit With $12 MILLION Defamation Lawsuit By 2nd Amendment Group [VIDEO]," Little Miss Sunshine  has fooled a lot of people over the years into believing her she was just some innocuous, peppy little host with everyone s best intentions as her primary concern. Unfortunately, Katie Couric may have just ironically  shot herself in the foot  when she and her director Stephanie Soechtig edited their anti-gun documentary Under the Gun in order to make a gun rights group in Virginia look as if they couldn t answer a simple question.Here s Rush Limbaugh explaining how Katie Couric deceived her viewers with her anti-gun  documentary : They re now facing a $12 million defamation lawsuit, according to documents provided to Bearing Arms.Second Amendment rights advocacy organization the Virginia Citizens Defense League (VCDL), along with two of its members, today filed a $12 million defamation lawsuit against Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, Atlas Films, and Studio 3 Partners LLC d/b/a Epix for false and defamatory footage featured in the 2016 documentary film Under the Gun. The film portrays a fictional exchange in which members of the VCDL appear silent, stumped, and avoiding eye contact for nearly nine seconds after Katie Couric asks a question about background checks. An unedited audio recording of the interview reveals that contrary to the portrayal in the film the VCDL members had immediately begun responding to Couric s question.In the filing, the VCDL, Daniel L. Hawes, Esq., and Patricia Webb allege that the filmmakers knowingly and maliciously manufactured the fictional exchange by splicing in footage that the filmmakers took surreptitiously after telling the interviewees to be silent for ten seconds so that recording equipment could be calibrated. The filing also contains side-by-side screenshots of the film s footage of the VCDL members and anti-gun advocates, alleging that the filmmakers manipulated lighting to cast shadows on the VCDL members and to make them appear sinister and untrustworthy.  We were horrified to see how Couric and her team manipulated us and the video footage to make us look like fools who didn t stand up for the Second Amendment,  said Mr. Philip Van Cleave, President of the VCDL.  We want to set the record straight and hold them accountable for what they ve done. You shouldn t intentionally misrepresent someone s views just because you disagree with them. The lawsuit, filed in federal court (United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia  Richmond Division), seeks $12 million in compensatory damages, plus punitive damages. The VCDL, Mr. Hawes, and Ms. Webb are represented by Tom Clare, Libby Locke, and Megan Meier of Clare Locke LLP, a boutique law firm specializing in defamation litigation. The fraud committed by Couric and Soechtig should be a career ender for both women, who have been unashamed of their behavior.What is not yet known is if Couric, Soetchtig, and one of their producers will face federal gun crimes criminal charges for obvious felonies they committed in Arizona while making the anti-gun film. Soechtig has now twice confessed (on video and in writing) to committing federal felony crimes that should lead to criminal charges against at least her and the Colorado producer (believed to be Kanau), along with any other Under the Gun staff/producers who took part in the conspiracy to make these clearly illegal interstate sales.ATF Phoenix Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Thomas Atteberry and Assistant Special Agent in Charge (ASAC) Mickey D. Leadingham have little recourse other than to start an investigation into the confessed crimes.You can read the defamation case against Couric here (PDF).Among other things, the complaint alleges that,  The Defendants manipulated the footage in service of an agenda: they wanted to establish that there is no basis for opposing universal background checks by fooling viewers into believing that even a panel of pro-Second Amendment advocates could not provide one. The Defendants intentionally disregarded the truth of the actual exchange that had taken place and took at least six intentional steps to manufacture a fictional exchange to support their agenda. In addition to editing footage of VCDL members, the suit alleges that Soechtig s film crew used lighting tricks to make VCDL members look shadowed and sinister, while favoring gun control supporters with much more flattering lighting.For entire story: Bearing ArmsHere is a clip showing how Katie Couric edited  Under the Gun  to make gun owners look like they don t have an answer to what she has framed as an  unanswerable  question: ",politics,"Sep 13, 2016",0
" President Obama: Surely, Trump Can Only Be President On A Saturday Night Live Skit (VIDEO)","Only hours before he is set to deliver the last State of the Union Address of his historic presidency, President Obama found time to lampoon Donald Trump s chances of becoming president.The Today Show asked President Obama if he could possibly imagine a scenario where Trump wins on Election Day in November, only to receive a ten word quip in response.  Well, I can imagine it   in a  Saturday Night  skit,  Obama hilariously said.Then President Obama took a serious tone and warned that anything is possible. After all, who would have ever predicted that George W. Bush would use the conservative-leaning Supreme Court to steal the 2000 Election? That s why Obama warned Americans to not be complacent, essentially telling them that staying home on Election Day could give Trump the victory ever has nightmares about. But Obama was also expressed faith that Americans would reject Trump and his hateful rhetoric. I m pretty confident that the overwhelming majority of Americans are looking for the kind of politics that does feed our hopes and not our fears, that does work together and doesn t try to divide is that isn t looking for simplistic solutions and scapegoating. Vice-President Joe Biden was also interviewed by Today, and he warned that allowing Trump to become president would only make America weaker. He is divisive   I think he d have to acknowledge that he s very divisive   and that s not healthy. We always do best when we act as one America. We always do poorly when we appeal to our fears and our differences. Here s the video via Today.Trump currently enjoys a wide lead in New Hampshire and has regained the lead in some Iowa polls over Ted Cruz. It s not decided yet, but Trump appears to be heading toward becoming the Republican presidential nominee and he ll either face Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders in a general election that is sure to be one of the nastiest presidential contests in history. Some Democrats have suggested that they will stay home if their preferred Democratic candidate is not on the ballot. And that is precisely the kind of complacency and irresponsibility that President Obama just warned against because that kind of divide is exactly what would let Trump become the leader of the free world with a Republican-dominated House and Senate instead of keeping him in Saturday Night Live skits where he belongs.Featured Image: Instagram ",News,"January 12, 2016",0
White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration said on Thursday that Israel’s building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace with Palestinians, adopting a more measured tone than its previous pro-Israel announcements. In a statement issued two weeks before Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to visit U.S. President Donald Trump, the White House said the administration “has not taken an official position on settlement activity.” Trump, a Republican, has signaled he could be more accommodating toward settlement projects than his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. The latest statement reflects slightly more nuanced language on how the new administration views settlement activity. “While we don’t believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal,” the White House said in a statement. The statement could disappoint Israel’s far-right, which had hoped Trump would give an unqualified green light on rapid settlement construction in the occupied West Bank and east Jerusalem - areas Israel captured in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.  In the first Israeli reaction to the statement, Danny Danon, Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations, said it was too early to tell how it would affect future building. “It’s still too early to tell ... I would not categorize this as a U-turn by the U.S. administration but the issue is clearly on their agenda ... the issue will be discussed when the prime minister (Netanyahu) meets the president in Washington,” Danon told Israel Radio. “We will not always agree on everything,” he added.      U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone with Netanyahu on Thursday, the State Department said. It did not say whether they discussed the White House statement. Obama routinely criticized settlement construction plans and his administration often described settlement activity as lacking legitimacy and impeding peace. The White House statement came as Israel has ratcheted up settlement activity. On Wednesday, it said it would establish a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, the first since the late 1990s. It also announced plans for 3,000 more settlement homes in the West Bank, the third such declaration in less than two weeks since Trump took office. An announcement a week ago by Israel that it would build some 2,500 more dwellings in the West Bank, where Palestinians now seek statehood, drew rebukes from the Palestinians and the European Union. ",politicsNews,"February 2, 2017 ",1
ENGDAHL: ‘Trump is a Puppet of the Deep State’,"Little did we know at the time of this recording just how accurate our guest s comments would become.In last week s Episode #179 of the SUNDAY WIRE, host Patrick Henningsen speaks to author and global affairs analyst, F. William Engdahl, to discuss his recent article about the new US-Israeli oil wars in the Golan Heights in Syria and how this is connected to the West s hidden agenda to create  Safe Zones  in Syria.In prophetic fashion, Engdahl then goes on to describe Donald Trump as a tool of establishment, placed into the US presidency by America s Deep State   in order to fast-track a destructive geopolitical agenda.NOTE: This interview was recorded 5 days before the US missile strikes on Syria SUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",Middle-east,"April 7, 2017",0
Trump consults Republican senators on Fed chief candidates,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump used a luncheon with Senate Republicans on Tuesday to get their views on who he should tap to be the next leader of the Federal Reserve, according to senators who attended. “He said he’d make a decision soon,” Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, told reporters. Cornyn declined to say who appeared to win the most support. But a source familiar with the matter said Trump polled the Republicans on whether they would prefer Stanford University economist John Taylor or current Fed Governor Jerome Powell for the job. More senators preferred Taylor than Powell, the source said. Trump also said he was considering reappointing the current head of the U.S. central bank, Janet Yellen, the source said. In an interview with Fox Business Network that aired on Sunday, Trump said he was considering nominating both Powell and Taylor for top spots at the Fed, but added that he also liked Yellen. White House officials have said Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn and former Fed Governor Kevin Warsh were also under consideration. Asked who won the poll, Senator John Kennedy told reporters he did not remember. “Some people raised their hands on some names and some on others, but I don’t think anybody counted them,” he said. Another senator who attended, Tim Scott, said he thought Taylor had won, Bloomberg News reported, remarks that pushed yields on U.S. government debt higher and weighed on stocks.  Yellen, who was nominated to the top job at the Fed by Democratic President Barack Obama, has led the central bank since early 2014. Her term expires in February, but Trump could decide to renominate her. Any nominee would have to win Senate approval. “He mentioned he’d had a really great meeting” with Yellen, Kennedy said. “But I couldn’t tell which way he was going, and its not my place or anybody else’s to ask.” ",politicsNews,"October 24, 2017 ",1
YOU’RE FIRED! WHY THE WHITE HOUSE Just Fired A Senior National Security Aide,"National Security Council aide Craig Deare was dismissed on Friday after it was learned that he harshly criticized the President and his top aides.Deare s criticisms took place at an off-the-record roundtable and included attacking the President himself, chief strategist Stephen Bannon and the President s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, both of whom serve as advisers.  He also claimed that the President had an embarrassing phone call with Mexico s president, Enrique Pena Nieto.Deare served as the NSC s senior director for Western Hemisphere Affairs and was previously the dean of administration at National Defense University.(Source: Free Beacon)",Government News,"Feb 19, 2017",0
BREAKING #WAR: Police Drag Radical Hecklers From Trump Rally As Fights Break Out [Video],"Americans are 100% FED Up! with the radical bad actors who re protesting and in your face with liberal talking points from Soros. I honestly don t blame these Trump supporters for pushing back on these radical protestors. If you ve ever been in the middle of this type of liberal yell fest, you d know it s disturbing and it s #WAR. We really are in a war for the survival of America. We ve been invaded by millions and millions of illegal aliens who re now gaining the right to vote. They also get freebies that should be going to legal American citizens. We re in trouble and we all need to wake up and protect the sovereignty of our Nation.Black Lives Matter and pro-illegal alien Latino activists were forcibly removed by Virginia State Police officers after disrupting a rally held Wednesday evening in Richmond by leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.There were reports that  small fights  had broken out between the protesters and Trump supporters.A cellphone video shows an apparent Trump supporter arguing with and then spitting on a protester. One report said the disruptions lasted for around thirty minutes.Trump supporter spits & curses at protester as protesters are escorted from @realDonaldTrump event in Richmond, VA pic.twitter.com/1GunaUweNW  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) October 15, 2015  When the protesters first made their presence known in the capacity crowd of about 5,000, Trump responded by saying,  That s why we have freedom of speech, folks! , according to a video excerpt of his speech posted to You Tube. Read more: Gateway Pundit",politics,"Oct 14, 2015",0
COORDINATED? Yet Another Hack Reporter Claims U.S. Doesn’t Have ‘Moral Authority’ To Talk About Iranian Protests [Video],"A coordinated effort to spew anti-Trump propaganda by reporters from CNN and ABC has us pretty disgusted. We previously reported on a CNN reporter (see below) who said pretty much verbatim what Matthew Dowd of ABC just said:ABC Reporter Matthew Dowd:.@matthewjdowd: ""Our moral authority in the world has been drastically diminished,"" reducing our ability to weigh in on protests in Iran. ""How can we talk about what's going on Iran when we don't talk about what goes on in Russia?"" #ThisWeek pic.twitter.com/H24KxuNWGv  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) December 31, 2017WE PREVIOUSLY REPORTED ON A CNN POLITICAL HACK WHO SAID ALMOST THE SAME THING: CNN correspondent Arwa Damon takes the propaganda route and sides with Iran in bashing America by saying we  don t have a moral leg to stand on .  This is a mind blower We just reported that America gives over $24 billion in aid to countries around the world. Iran has been bashing the U.S. for decades and now this liberal hack at CNN says the world thinks we don t have a moral leg to stand on? America has literally been the beacon of light for the world! We give more than anyone and are taking in the most refugees by far.  The world  might need to do a reality check on this one Via Daily Caller: During CNN s coverage of protests in Iran Saturday, a correspondent read a statement from the Iranian government, adding that many countries are  frustrated  with the United States, and that many think America doesn t have a  moral leg to stand on. CNN correspondent Arwa Damon said,  This coming out from the [Iranian] foreign ministry, not only talking about the fact that they view the government of President Trump as the greatest bearer of ill will towards Iran but going on to say that,  The people of Iran give no value or credibility to such opportunistic expressions by the Government or the person, Mr. Trump. American officials, through their conduct have not earned a place from which they can express masked sentiments as sympathies, for the aware of the people of Iran. This reporter has a history of being anti-Israel. Is CNN taking sides in the Iranian uprising? We think so.To watch the video: Daily Caller",politics,"Dec 31, 2017",0
 Chelsea Handler Gets The Last Word After RNC Chair Attacks Hillary For Not Smiling (VIDEO),"There may be a few women out there who enjoy a man telling them to be more joyous in their presence, but as for the rest of us, there s nothing a woman hates more than being told to smile.Do men smile all the time? No. Because if they did, we d think they were crazy and up to something. Same goes for women.Not every situation calls for a smile at all times. Especially when discussing foreign policy and our military. So, when RNC Chair Reince Priebus thought it appropriate to criticize Hillary Clinton for not smiling enough during the NBC forum hosted by Matt Lauer, it didn t exactly go over well.One person who definitely had a lot to say about Priebus and his request of a smile from Hillary was none other than Chelsea Handler on her hit Netflix show Chelsea.Chelsea began by asking Priebus: Who the f*ck are you to tell someone to smile? Adding: This is just another example of how men feel the can belittle every woman in the world and order up a smile. Chelsea then said: Stop telling women to smile. We don t like that. It s not an icebreaker, it s a deal breaker. Going for Priebus  jugular, Chelsea absolutely destroys him and his ridiculously corny smile, then says: You know when women will smile? When Hillary kicks that pneumonia and trounces Trump in November. And that s exactly right.Watch the full video here:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 19, 2016",0
China probes former chief of internet regulator for suspected graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The former head of China s powerful internet regulator is under investigation for suspected corruption, the ruling Communist Party said, the latest senior official to be caught up in a sweeping campaign against graft. Lu Wei was suspected of serious discipline breaches, the party s corruption-busting Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said in a brief statement late on Tuesday, using a euphemism for graft. Reuters was unable to reach Lu or a representative to seek comment. At the height of his influence, Lu, a colorful and often brash official by Chinese standards, was seen as emblematic of China s increasingly pervasive internet controls.  Organizers of China s first World Internet Conference in 2014, set up under Lu to promote Beijing s vision of internet governance, irked foreign tech firms by seeking their agreement on a last-minute declaration on  internet sovereignty .  Tech industry representatives ultimately declined to sign the pledge, and rights groups condemned the declaration as an attempt to undermine internet freedom. In 2015, he told reporters,  Indeed, we do not welcome those that make money off China, occupy China s market, even as they slander China s people. These kinds of websites I definitely will not allow in my house.  But courting China s powerful internet regulator, the Cyberspace Administration of China, was a key task for companies hoping to stay in his good graces or gain access to the huge internet market. When Lu visited Facebook Inc s U.S. campus in 2014, Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of the social networking site that has long been blocked in China, greeted Lu in Mandarin, according to a Chinese government website. But Lu s downfall, foreshadowed by his June 2016 replacement as head of the internet regulator and the loss of his other posts, is unlikely to signal a reversal of internet control policies, which have tightened further under successor Xu Lin. In a separate statement on its website on Wednesday, the CCDI emphasized the significance of Lu being the first  tiger , or senior official, to be brought to heel for corruption since the key 19th Communist Party Congress held last month. It said that under Lu, the cyberspace administration did not carry out President Xi Jinping s instructions in a timely or resolute fashion.  The improper use of power occurred on occasion, and the safeguarding of political security was not strong enough,  it said, without elaborating on any of Lu s specific wrongdoings.       Lu worked his way up though China s official Xinhua news agency before becoming head of propaganda in Beijing and then moving to internet work in 2013. He became a deputy propaganda minister after being replaced at the internet regulator.  The government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including sites such as Facebook and Google s main search engine and Gmail service. Xi has waged war against deep-rooted corruption since taking office five years ago, punishing hundreds of thousands of officials. ",worldnews,"November 22, 2017 ",1
" ‘Not-Racist’ Steve King Doubles Down: Nope, Whites Are Definitely The Superior Race","You know what s even more stupid than blaming Melania Trump s plagiarism on My Little Pony? Claiming that whites are the superior race. What s even worse than that? Doing it again.On Monday, Iowa Rep. Steve King replaced his dog whistle with a microphone and openly declared that whites are the superior race. Responding to criticism that the Republican National Convention is filled with  loud, unhappy, dissatisfied white people  during an appearance on MSNBC, King snapped: This whole business does get a little tired. I would ask you to go back through history and figure out where are these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people that you are talking about, where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization? Than white people?  Chris Hayes asked. Than than western civilization itself that s rooted in western Europe, eastern Europe and the United States of America, and every place where Christianity settled the world,  King replied after realizing that he had actually uttered the words he was thinking.  That s all of western civilization. On Tuesday, King clarified his remarks, explaining that while whites are the superior race, people of other races have also made contributions to civilization. It s pretty close [to what I said]. What I really said was  Western civilization  and when you describe Western civilization that can mean much of Western civilization happens to be Caucasians. But we should not apologize for our culture or our civilization,  King told ABC News. The contributions that were made by Western civilization itself, and by Americans, by Americans of all races stand far above the rest of the world. The Western civilization and the American civilization are a superior culture. King says he was responding to, and correcting, political blogger Charlie Pierce but he s happy that he was able to start a dialogue about how awesome white people are: But what we have is people who are trying to parse something, to hyperventilate about that. I m OK if they do that because it starts the dialogue so we can open up more minds so people can think about what s right for America. So, there you have it: whites have contributed far more than other races, according to King, but he s now willing to admit that maybe others have done stuff too.Watch King s original remarks below:Featured image via Getty Images/Andrew Burton",News,"July 19, 2016",0
Trump says only role for U.S. in Libya is defeating Islamic State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday he does not see a role for the United States in Libya apart from defeating Islamic State militants. “I do not see a role in Libya. I think the United States has right now enough roles. We’re in a role everywhere. So I do not see that,” Trump said during a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.  “I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS, we’re very effective in that regard ... I see that as a primary role and that’s what we’re going to do, whether it’s in Iraq, or Libya or anywhere else,” Trump said, using an acronym commonly used to refer to the Islamic State. ",politicsNews,"April 20, 2017 ",1
Lebanon accuses Saudi Arabia of holding its PM hostage,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - France said on Wednesday that Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who Lebanon s president says is being held hostage by Saudi Arabia, will visit France with his family in coming days.  Hariri travelled to Riyadh on Nov. 3 before abruptly resigning in a televised statement a day later. He has stayed in Riyadh and top Lebanese officials and senior politicians close to Hariri have told Reuters he was forced to quit.  Hariri and Saudi Arabia have both denied he is being held in Riyadh or was coerced to resign. Hariri has said he will return to Lebanon in the next few days to formally submit his resignation.    The crisis has thrust Lebanon onto the frontline of a Middle East contest for power pitting a Saudi-led bloc against Iran and its allies, including the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah.      French President Emmanuel Macron said in a statement that he had invited Hariri to France after speaking to him and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.  The invitation is to visit for a few days and is not an offer of political exile, Macron said, speaking in Germany.   We will not accept (Hariri) remaining a hostage whose reason for detention we do not know,  Lebanese President Michel Aoun said in a statement.  Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, the head of Aoun s political party, said the situation was  not normal  but that Beirut wanted  good relations  with Riyadh. Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Lebanon to formally tender it and explain his reasons, which Hariri has said he will do in the coming days.     Saudi Arabia has long been considered Hariri s main external supporter. Aoun is a political ally of Lebanon s Hezbollah, a powerful Shi ite Muslim group with close ties to Iran.  Lebanon s coalition government was formed last year through a political deal that made Aoun president, Hariri prime minister, and included members of Hezbollah in the cabinet.  Saudi Arabia last week accused Lebanon of having declared war on it because of Hezbollah s role in other Arab countries. It regards Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation.  Riyadh s main ally, the United States, has struck a different tone, continuing its support for Lebanon including military aid. The European Union has also repeatedly stated its support for Lebanon, which hosts 1.5 million Syrian refugees.  In an interview on Sunday night with a television station he owns, Hariri warned of economic sanctions against Lebanon and of a threat to the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Lebanese workers living in Saudi Arabia and its Gulf allies.   Nothing justifies Hariri s lack of return for 12 days. We therefore consider him detained,  Aoun said. He added that Lebanon had confirmed that Hariri s family were under detention in their house in Saudi Arabia and were searched whenever they entered or left it.  Speaking in Italy, Foreign Minister Bassil said:  We will continue all steps...for this problem to be solved in a brotherly way through good relations that we want to have with the kingdom of Saudi Arabia.   He added, however:  If Saudi Arabia has a problem with Iran or with Hezbollah, they have to solve it with Iran, not with Lebanon and not with all the Lebanese.   Hariri wrote on Twitter that he was  perfectly fine  and would return,  God willing, to dear Lebanon as I promised . On Wednesday he said he would return in a couple of days but that his family was staying in Saudi Arabia, calling it  their country . Hariri holds Saudi nationality and his family fortune is based on the construction company - Saudi Oger - built by his father Rafik al-Hariri, who served twice as Lebanese prime minister and was assassinated in 2005.       Okab Sakr, a member of parliament for Hariri s Future Movement, told Reuters he had spoken on Wednesday to Hariri and that he told him neither he nor his family were being held.  On Tuesday, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said after meeting Bassil in Paris that she expected Hariri and his family to return to Lebanon soon.  Sources from across Lebanon s political spectrum have said Hariri struck a more compromising tone in his Sunday interview than in his resignation statement, when he bitterly attacked Iran and Hezbollah.  The sources said this represented a retreat by Riyadh attributable to Western pressure. On Wednesday, Aoun said Riyadh had not responded to Arab countries who tried to secure Hariri s return so he had asked the international community to help.  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian arrives in Riyadh late on Wednesday and is due to discuss Lebanon with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and meet Hariri on Thursday, a French diplomatic source said. France has close relations with Lebanon, which was under French control between the world wars, and with Hariri, who has a home in France and spent several years in the country. ",worldnews,"November 15, 2017 ",1
Kuwait replaces oil and finance ministers in cabinet reshuffle,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait replaced its oil, finance and defense ministers in a cabinet reshuffle on Monday, state news agency KUNA reported. Bakhit al-Rashidi was appointed the new oil minister of the OPEC member state and Nayef Falah al-Hajraf was named the new finance minister, KUNA said, citing a royal decree. Sheikh Nasser Sabah Al-Ahmad, son of the ruling Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, was appointed the new minister of defense. The previous cabinet resigned on Oct. 30 when its information minister was questioned by parliament and faced a no-confidence vote over alleged violations of budgetary and legislative rules. Mohammed Nasser Al-Jabri was named the new minister. The major oil producer has the oldest legislature among the Gulf Arab states and experiences frequent cabinet reshuffles. The previous government was formed in February. Rashidi, who replaced Essam al-Marzouq as oil minister, is chief executive of Kuwait Petroleum International (KPI), the international downstream subsidiary of state-run Kuwait Petroleum Corp. There was no immediate announcement about his KPI post but in the past, Kuwaiti ministers have resigned positions as corporate executives when they take government posts. Rashidi, who has an engineering background, is also a former executive of state refiner Kuwait National Petroleum Co. Hajraf replaced Anas al-Saleh, who had been finance minister since early 2014. Hajraf was previously chairman of the Board of Commissioners of the Capital Markets Authority, the securities regulator. He has also served as an acting finance minister.  Saleh was named deputy prime minister and state minister for cabinet affairs. ",worldnews,"December 11, 2017 ",1
"GROUP WITH TERROR TIES Encourages Muslims To Swing U.S. Presidential Elections: “Turn Your Islamic Centers, Mosques Into Registration Centers For Voters”","The idea that a tax-exempt radical organization in the United States of America with ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, a terror organization can influence our vote by suggesting Muslims register voters in Mosques should be shocking to every American.Could anyone imagine the outrage if non-profit groups were advocating churches register voters to support the Republican party?The last time the Muslim Brotherhood got involved in an election, it ended with a tyranny, church burnings, terrorism, a civil war, mass sexual assaults on women and a popular uprising against it.Presumably the local Muslim Brotherhood crew is hoping for a better outcome in the United States than they ended up with in Egypt, as Sharona Schwartz at The Blaze Reports.The head of the Council on American-Islamic Relations said that Muslims could comprise the swing vote in the presidential elections if 1 million of them register to vote, as he urged them to turn mosques into polling stations this November. I believe we have at least 1 million Muslim eligible voters in this country. We have to register every single Muslim to vote in 2016. The Muslim vote can be the swing vote in major states,  CAIR Executive Director Nihad Awad said at the Muslim American Society (MAS) and Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA) annual conference in Chicago, according to video posted earlier this month.Awad explained that CAIR   which is prohibited from engaging in political activity due to its registration as a tax-exempt organization   would not be the vehicle by which a candidate would be endorsed. He said another organization would be set up to promote the Muslim-friendly presidential candidate.Awad urged all Muslims to register to vote and to use Islamic centers as polling stations. Turn your centers, Islamic centers, mosques into registration centers for voters, into polling stations during the election time,  he said. Via: Frontpage Mag",left-news,"Feb 3, 2016",0
"Putin, as part of test, oversees launch of four nuclear-capable missiles: Ifax","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin has personally overseen the launch of four nuclear-capable ballistic missiles as part of a training exercise for Russia s strategic nuclear forces, the Kremlin said on Friday, the Interfax news agency reported.  The test launches, conducted on Thursday, involved land, air, and submarine-based ballistic missiles, Russia s defense ministry said in a separate statement.   The ministry said a Topol intercontinental ballistic missile had been test fired from the Plesetsk cosmodrome in northern Russia, hitting a target at the Kura military testing range on the Kamchatka Peninsula thousands of kilometers (miles) away. ",worldnews,"October 27, 2017 ",1
"OBAMA GIVES ILLEGAL ALIENS IN FLINT, MI Amnesty So They Can Get Free Sh*t From Taxpayers","Because people who scale border walls and break the law to get into our country deserve the same taxpayer funded benefits as legal citizens right?Caving into the demands of the open borders movement and pro-immigrant Spanish media, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will refrain from enforcing immigration laws in areas of Flint, Michigan affected by a water crisis. The water amnesty is the latest of many reprieves issued by the Obama administration to help illegal immigrants nationwide. Judicial Watch has reported on many of them, including recent hurricane, earthquake, Ebola and  severe weather  amnesties.This one involves the widely reported water situation in Flint, which is located about 66 miles northwest of Detroit. Last year researchers discovered that the city s drinking water was contaminated with lead from decaying old pipes. The problem arose after a switch in 2014 in the city s water source to save money. Soon complaints mounted that the water smelled and looked strange and academic researchers discovered that it was toxic. This all occurred after a 7-1 vote by the Flint City Council to stop buying Detroit water and join a new pipeline project, according to a local news report.Now there s a state of emergency and the feds have stepped in, supplying the area with free bottled water and special filters to install at home until the local water supply is clean. For weeks immigrant rights groups complained that residents had to show identification to receive their free goods from the government and illegal aliens were being left out. National Spanish-language media outlets blasted the Obama administration for discriminating against illegal aliens. One reported that undocumented immigrants weren t getting help for fear of being deported, instead opting to drink contaminated water or pay out of pocket to buy some. Another major Spanish-language newspaper wrote that illegal immigrants and their children suffered lead poisoning and couldn t get clean emergency water because they didn t have identification cards.  When the National Guard went door to door distributing potable water, many were scared to open because they feared the uniformed persons were immigration agents who would deport them,  the paper wrote.The Anti-Defamation League (ADL), which claims to combat bigotry and protect civil rights for all, joined the cause expressing  horror  and  indignation  that the government denied undocumented immigrants free water and filters because they couldn t provide a photo ID or Social Security number. In a Spanish-language statement the group s Michigan chapter referred to news reports that Flint-area fire department stations distributing water were requiring identification. But even in places that aren t requiring ID, illegal immigrants are scared to come out and get their potable water out of fear that they will be deported, the ADL stresses in its announcement.  We are calling on the National Guard to order all fire departments and other centers distributing supplies that no one be rejected. Like a good lapdog the Obama administration obliged. This week DHS issued a statement in English and Spanish guaranteeing that U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would not conduct enforcement operations at or near locations distributing clean water in Flint or surrounding areas.  Moreover, DHS officials do not and will not pose as individuals providing water-related information or distributing clean water as part of any enforcement activities,  the statement assures. The agency s priority is to support state and local government efforts to distribute clean water, the statement says, adding that DHS stands  ready to assist those in need.  Via: Judicial Watch",politics,"Mar 4, 2016",0
 Ann Coulter Slips Up During Interview And Gives Us The Greatest Reason Ever NOT To Vote Trump (AUDIO),"Ann Coulter will be wishing she had the chance for a second take after a bizarre interview, during which she accidentally gave Americans the greatest ever reason not to elect Donald Trump: it will be the end of her career, and the Republican Party.Coulter became near-hysterical during an interview with the The Eric Metaxas Show last week. According to her, Trump is basically the second coming of Christ. He is an emissary, sent by God, to save the United States of America (and humanity) from destruction. And no, this is not satire, or an embellishment.First, she compared herself to Jesus. Asked about her reputation for being rather a  divisive  figure on the right of US politics, Coulter replied: Yeah, I m  divisive  because I say things I believe, generally. So does Jesus. But her delusions of grandure also extend to her favorite candidate, Donald Trump. We are talking about the future of not only of America but of the last genuinely Christian country on earth and thus the world. If we lose America, it is lights out for the entire world for a thousand years.It is like the fall of Rome but, thank God, and I am not using the Lord s name in vain, I mean that absolutely literally, thank God for raising up Donald Trump and giving us a chance to save the country.Unless Donald Trump is elected, we re never going to have another Republican president. So firstly, in the gospel according to Ann Coulter, it is prophesied that the failure of Donald Trump to win the GOP primaries would mean no Republican in the White House ever again. As good a reason as any for kicking the trust fund tycoon out of the race. But every cake needs a cherry on top, and this came in the form of Coulter s reaction when asked what she would do if Trump loses.She vows she would  stop wasting my time with politics.  That s right America, political commentary would be Coulter-less, permanently. Ann sees no point continuing her quest without the bright star of Trump to follow. What is the point of talking about abortion or anything else unless you get Donald Trump in to build the wall, deport illegals, end this  anchor baby  nonsense, stop importing 100,000 Muslims a year, in addition to two million Third Worlders per year, It s probably time to spread the word far and wide. After all, opportunities to kill three birds with one stone don t come along very often. America without Trump, Ann Coulter, or a Republican in the White House. Now, that really would be great.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons/Flick Creative Commons",News,"January 18, 2016",0
MARKETING FIRM CEO Gives Job Applicants a ‘Snowflake Test’ [Video],"The CEO wrote an article delving into some of the questions on the test and why he s doing this: It s 30 short-answer and essay-style questions that help us to really get to know a candidate. We want to get in their heads. See how they apply logic and reason to different scenarios. See what makes them tick. See if they d be a good fit for our culture. Among those questions? Outside of standard benefits, what benefits should a company offer employees? What are your feelings about employees or clients carrying guns? What are your feelings about safe spaces in challenging work environments? Should  trigger warnings  be issued before we release content for clients or the company that might be considered  controversial ? How do you feel about police? When was the last time you cried and why? What are your thoughts on the current college environment as it pertains to a future workforce? What does  faith  mean to you? You see someone stepping on an American Flag. What happens next?The CEO of The Silent Partner Marketing, Kyle Reyes, discusses his  snowflake test   on FOX & Friends:",left-news,"Mar 15, 2017",0
" Watch These Young Conservatives Try To Explain Why Trump Is Their Man, But Fail Miserably (VIDEO)","It s somewhat terrifying listening to how some of how our young people praise Donald Trump and how he d like to govern the country. It s also more than disconcerting when you hear them just parrot talking points that have no basis in reality. Such as,  Conservative values are ensuring that the government doesn t get too involved in people s lives.  They ve apparently never witnessed their conservative legislators trying to dictate the lives of women and the LGBT community. Maybe they mean  their lives    other people, well, that s different.You ll also hear these kids talk about the standard catch phrases like  family values,  which has been code for  hating gays  for a very long time, as well as  limited government  which is code for  limited regulations on business.  Because as aforementioned, they have no problem making sure government gets involved in the lives of those they don t agree with.These young cons even had the audacity to say: The worst Republican is better than the best Democrat. Really? Where the hell did you hear that? And most of these young conservatives would actually vote for Donald Trump if he were to become the nominee. However, not all of them have fallen for The Donald s schtick.You really need to witness the insanity for yourself. Caution, you ll be left wondering where our society went wrong.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Here s what young conservatives have to say about Donald Trump.Posted by ATTN: on Tuesday, February 9, 2016Video/Featured image: Facebook",News,"February 9, 2016",0
 Trump DEVASTATED After Poll Reveals Americans Trust Media More Than Him (TWEET),"It was just this morning that Donald Trump once again tried to ignore his mounting failures and pump up his ego by trashing the press. Taking to Twitter, the undeserving POTUS bashed the New York Times (again) with yet another one of his lies. And after Trump trashed the New York Times, he posted another tweet about the  vicious  and inaccurate media:If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2017However, thanks to a new poll released by Monmouth University, Trump s temper tantrums about the press are far from over, because he seems to be alone in his opinion. The Monmouth University poll revealed that thanks to Trump s numerous lies and falsehoods, Americans now view MSNBC as a more credible source than him!You can only imagine how devastating it is for Trump to realize that his attacks on  fake news  are actually working against him and HELPING networks that dare to publish the truth about him. The poll stated: Only 28% of Americans are more likely trust Trump as an information source compared to ABC news while most (53%) say they would tend to trust ABC more, with 15% saying they would trust both sides equally. When pitted against MSNBC, 33% trust Trump more while 47% trust the liberal leaning cable channel more, with 15% trusting both about equally. When pitted against Fox News, only 17% trust Trump more while 37% trust the politically conservative news outlet more, with 36% trusting both about equally. Another interesting but not surprising finding from the poll was the fact that networks like MSNBC and ABC were viewed as more credible than Fox News, which has previously been outed as the most dishonest network (which is likely why Trump cites them so much). The only area where Trump is actually succeeding in credibility is among Republicans, who tend to take Trump s nonsense as the truth. The poll reported: The story is different, though, when isolating the views of Republicans. Americans who identify as GOP partisans are more likely to have confidence in Trump over any of the news sources tested in the poll. This is especially true for MSNBC   Trump is more trusted by a 66% to 16% margin   and ABC News   Trump is more trusted by a 56% to 22% margin. The president even has a slight, although statistically insignificant, 29% to 26% trust advantage over Fox News among his fellow partisans, with 44% of Republicans saying they trust both equally as an information source. So, Trump basically screwed himself over by trying to damage the credibility of the free press. While it s somewhat satisfying to see his attacks on the media backfire, we must not forget that what Trump s ridiculous behavior has resulted in is extremely dangerous. The White House now has no credibility, which could be devastating in the event that something serious happens. No one can trust the president, and he has undermined the credibility of the government. It will take a long time to repair this and rebuild the trust of the American people.Featured image is a screenshot",News,"March 29, 2017",0
Zuma spokesman dismisses reports South African deputy president may be sacked,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Jacob Zuma s spokesman said on Friday there was no basis for reports that the South African president would axe his deputy Cyril Ramaphosa, speculation about which has weighed on the currency and bonds. The ruling African National Congress (ANC) party, of which Zuma is leader and Ramaphosa deputy, has been riven by bitter infighting ahead of a party conference in December at which a new leader will be chosen.      It s rumors and gossip, and we don t comment on them at all,  Zuma s spokesman Bongani Ngqulunga told Reuters. Ramaphosa, a trade unionist-turned-business tycoon, is viewed as the most likely rival candidate to Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the former chairwoman of the African Union, who is Zuma s pick for the leadership and is the president s ex-wife.  He has recently stepped up criticism of Zuma s scandal-plagued government. Asked in parliament on Thursday whether he might be sacked, Ramaphosa said only that he would accept the president s decision if he lost his job. On Friday, a spokesman for the deputy president said:  We are aware of the speculation, but it is just speculation.      Trade union federation Cosatu and the South African Communist Party (SACP), both partners in the ANC s ruling alliance, have endorsed Ramaphosa, 64, for the leadership. South Africa will elect a new president in 2019, and whoever the ANC picks in December is likely to take over from 75-year-old Zuma as the country s leader. Zuma is under pressure to step down before then, with a recent South African court ruling that nearly 800 corruption charges against him should be reinstated prompting more calls for the president to go. Zuma reshuffled his cabinet for the second time in seven months on Tuesday, irking some within the ruling alliance by sacking a minister belonging to the SACP and appointing a close ally to oversee an opaque nuclear deal.  Analysts say Zuma may make further changes before December to strengthen his hand going into the ANC s elective conference. Speculation that he might remove Ramaphosa, who was the ANC s chief negotiator during the 1990s transition from apartheid, weighed on the rand and bonds, which underperformed emerging market peers on Friday versus a firmer dollar.  Other emerging markets are weaker but not as much as the rand. That s because of lingering political uncertainty, especially these rumors about Zuma axing Ramaphosa,  said currency dealer at TreasuryOne Wichard Cilliers. Ramaphosa told parliament on Thursday that  if (Zuma s) decision is to remove me, I will accept that as a decision that will be taken by the president and I will continue serving the people of South Africa in one form, shape or another . Speaking on Friday, Ramaphosa returned to the subject of corruption within the government and state-owned companies, which is expected to be a main theme of his leadership campaign.   Our state has been captured by people who ... want to milk the state, who want to rob our country of the money that belongs to the people,  Ramaphosa told members of the National Education Health & Allied Workers  Union (Nehawu) in Cape Town.     Our state is now being talked about in the rest of the world in the most negative terms, captured by certain interests, by certain families, by certain individuals.  Wealthy friends of Zuma, the Guptas, have been accused by ANC and opposition politicians of using their close relationship with the president and his allies to influence the awarding of government contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.  Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing and the Indian-born South African businessmen and their companies have not been charged with any crime in South Africa.  Regulators in the United States and Britain are looking into links between the Gupta family, the South African government, and banks they may have used to move money as a corruption investigation escalates. In a statement on Friday, Dlamini-Zuma denied she had any links to the Gupta family. ",worldnews,"October 20, 2017 ",1
" REVEALED: Trump Illegally Violated Embargo Against Cuba, Putting Money In ‘Killer’ Fidel Castro’s Hands","The  law and order candidate  broke the law again.Donald Trump recently declared that he would reverse President Obama s deal with Cuba to reopen diplomatic relations between our two nations after 50 years. All of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime were done with executive order, which means the next president can reverse them,  Trump said earlier this month.  And that is what I will do unless the Castro regime meets our demands. Those demands include freeing political prisoners and expanding religious liberty.That s funny, because the Republican nominee certainly didn t give a shit about either of those things when he violated the United States embargo against Cuba back in 1998.A Newsweek investigation revealed:A company controlled by Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president, secretly conducted business in Communist Cuba during Fidel Castro s presidency despite strict American trade bans that made such undertakings illegal, according to interviews with former Trump executives, internal company records and court filings.Trump s company spent a total of $68,000 for the trip to meet with government officials, bankers, and businessmen in order to gain a foothold on the island just in case the American government ended the embargo. But Trump broke the law and he tried to cover up his crime by funneling the money to a consulting firm and making it look like a charitable effort.In 1999, Trump traveled to Miami for the first day of his presidential run as the Reform Party candidate and hypocritically told the Cuban-American crowd that he would keep the embargo in place because any money spent there  goes to Fidel Castro. He s a murderer. He s a killer. He s a bad guy in every respect, and, frankly, the embargo must stand if for no other reason than, if it does stand, he will come down. And so, Donald Trump admitted that he gave $68,000 to  a murderer  and  a killer  who is  a bad guy in every respect. Now to make things clear, President Obama only reopened diplomatic relations with Cuba, which is within his executive power. The embargo is still in effect. But Republicans have whined about Obama s Cuba policy ever since.So what will they say about Trump s blatant violation of the embargo itself and the fact that he spent $68,000 on the trip, money that dictator Fidel Castro must have appreciated?If Republicans don t condemn Trump for this they will be committing hypocrisy at the highest level. It will make it clear for every American that they don t care about law and order as much as they care about power. Donald Trump broke the law and tried to make a deal with Fidel Castro s Cuba and he was merely a businessman. Just imagine what laws he could violate and get away with as president.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",News,"September 29, 2016",0
"Hungary demands faster EU, NATO integration of West Balkans","BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary wants the European Union to speed up integration of the Western Balkans and for NATO to include those countries, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said on Wednesday.   Speeding up the accession process is a guarantee of security,  Szijjarto said at a news conference also attended by a dozen officials from Central European and Western Balkan countries.   An unstable and tension-riddled Western Balkans is a serious risk to all of Europe.  He said the EU should launch accession talks with Albania and Macedonia no later than the first quarter of 2018. The EU should also offer Bosnia and Kosovo  realistic and attainable integration goals and timetables  and at NATO s December meeting of foreign ministers the military organization should make a decision to start Macedonia s membership talks and activate a membership action plan for Bosnia. He said one important risk of an unstable south-eastern European region was its inability to withstand a new wave of migration.  If a new wave of migration were to come, only a stable and strong West Balkans can stop that,  Szijjarto said.  At the moment the EU has no strategy regarding the West Balkans.  Other foreign ministers and diplomatic leaders echoed that sentiment.  Our nation is geographically surrounded by EU member states but we have been on the periphery of the political attention of the EU,  Macedonian Foreign Minister Nikola Dimitrov said. ",worldnews,"October 11, 2017 ",1
Trump's national security adviser vows to tackle North Korea nuclear threat: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s national security adviser says North Korea’s nuclear program would be given a high priority under the new administration, a South Korean official who held talks with him said on Saturday. Michael Flynn, one of Trump’s closest advisers, also said he would work to strengthen the U.S. alliance with South Korea, calling the relationship “vital,” the South’s deputy presidential national security adviser Cho Tae-yong was quoted as saying by Yonhap news agency. Cho was leading a South Korean delegation to the United States to meet with key advisers to the president-elect to discuss the two countries’ response to the North’s pursuit of nuclear weapons in defiance of international sanctions. Cho spoke to South Korean reporters in Washington following the meeting with Flynn, Yonhap said. Flynn is a retired Army lieutenant general and a military intelligence veteran of three decades who has championed Trump’s promises to take a more aggressive approach to terrorism. His appointment as national security adviser this week does not require Senate confirmation.     The North conducted its fourth and fifth nuclear tests this year under young leader Kim Jong Un, who has vowed to build a nuclear arsenal and ballistic missiles to deliver them. The U.N. Security Council has held discussions to adopt a toughened new sanctions resolution following the North’s Sept. 9 nuclear blast.  U.S. President Barack Obama has been criticized by Congressional Republicans that his policy of “strategic patience” was a failure and that he must make full use of sanctions authorities given to him by Congress.  Trump pledged his commitment to defend South Korea under an existing security alliance during a phone call with South Korean President Park Geun-hye, Yonhap said last week. Trump had suggested during the election campaign he would be willing to withdraw U.S. military stationed in South Korea unless Seoul paid a greater share of the cost of the deployment. There are about 28,500 U.S. troops based in South Korea in combined defense against North Korea. ",politicsNews,"November 19, 2016 ",1
Commentary: Trump can't fight Islamic State without wading into Syria's war,"Over the course of the U.S. presidential campaign, Donald Trump changed his mind on many issues. But he’s been consistent on one foreign policy question: he wants to end American support for Syrian opposition groups fighting Bashar al-Assad’s regime. Trump argues that the United States should expend all of its efforts on fighting Islamic State instead.  ""I’ve had an opposite view of many people regarding Syria,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Nov. 11, in his first interview after he won the White House. “My attitude was you’re fighting Syria, Syria is fighting ISIS, and you have to get rid of ISIS. Russia is now totally aligned with Syria, and now you have Iran, which is becoming powerful, because of us, is aligned with Syria. … Now we’re backing rebels against Syria, and we have no idea who these people are.”  Even if Trump goes ahead with his threat to cut off aid to Syrian rebels fighting the Assad regime – especially those supported by a covert CIA program which provides training and anti-tank missiles – the president-elect will face another major test of his Syria policy soon after he’s inaugurated on Jan. 20. The United States is supporting two military campaigns simultaneously in Syria: one against Assad’s government and the other against Islamic State. Trump has made clear that he doesn’t view the fight against Assad as a U.S. priority. But will Trump continue a separate Pentagon support and training program for the Syrian Democratic Forces, a coalition of rebel groups, which is leading a ground offensive to oust Islamic State from the city of Raqqa, capital of its self-proclaimed caliphate?  That campaign started on Nov. 6 with a mobilization of about 30,000 rebels to encircle Raqqa and cut it off from all sides, to deny Islamic State the ability to resupply weapons and fighters. The battle to push the jihadists out of Raqqa could take months. If it falters under a fledging Trump administration, Islamic State would have a safe base from which it would unleash new attacks in Syria and Iraq, and against the West.  U.S. military planners pushed for the Raqqa offensive to start soon after the long-awaited invasion to recapture Iraq’s second-largest city, Mosul, from the militants began in mid-October. Pentagon officials say they fear that Islamic State operatives, including some who fled the Mosul offensive, will use Raqqa to plot attacks against Western targets. “There’s a sense of urgency about what we have to do here because we’re just not sure what they’re [jihadists] up to, and where, and when,” the top U.S. military commander in Iraq, Lt. General Stephen Townsend, said at a news conference on Oct. 26  in Baghdad. “But we know that this plot planning is emanating from Raqqa.”  Trump says he wants to avoid direct U.S. involvement in the Syrian conflict, which has expanded into a regional proxy war. Russia and Iran, along with allied militias like Lebanon’s Hezbollah, are helping Assad consolidate control and recapture territory he lost to the rebels and jihadist groups. Assad and his backers have rarely fought directly against Islamic State, which controls Raqqa and other parts of eastern Syria. Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United States are backing various rebel factions that are fighting Assad and his allies, and, at times, Islamic State.  Under Barack Obama’s administration, the CIA has funneled up to $1 billion a year in weapons, including light arms, ammunition and anti-tank missiles, to Syrian rebel groups fighting the Assad regime that were deemed moderate by U.S. officials. But some of these rebels have been forced into battlefield alliances with jihadists, including al Qaeda affiliated groups.  While the offensive against Islamic State in Raqqa began in the waning days of the Obama administration, it needs support from the incoming Trump administration to bear fruit. But the Raqqa operation is already alienating American allies, especially Turkey, which is critical of the Syrian Democratic Forces. The SDF is a coalition of Kurdish, Sunni Arab, Christian and Turkmen rebel groups that is anchored by the People’s Protection Units (known by its Kurdish acronym, YPG), which includes thousands of Syrian Kurdish fighters.  Turkish leaders view the YPG and other Syrian Kurdish groups as allies of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (known as the PKK), which has waged an insurgency against the Turkish government since the 1980s, seeking autonomy for Kurdish areas. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan insists that Washington must not allow the YPG to take a leading role in expelling Islamic State from Raqqa, a largely Sunni Arab city.  During the presidential campaign, Trump argued the United States should arm and help Kurdish factions, both in Iraq and Syria. “I’m a big fan of the Kurdish forces,” he said in July. If Trump follows through on his praise of the Kurds, that would be good news for the SDF and its largest militia, the YPG.  But once in office, Trump would also have to balance the objections of allies like Turkey and Erdogan, its increasingly autocratic president. Among his first top appointments, Trump named Michael Flynn, a retired general and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, as his national security adviser. Flynn, who once worked as a paid lobbyist for a prominent Turkish businessman, has expressed strong support for Erdogan’s government and argued that Washington should be more sympathetic to its concerns.  In late August, Turkey sent several hundred of its special forces into Syria, and began carrying out air strikes to help rebel factions allied with Ankara consolidate control of territory near the Turkish-Syrian border. The Turkish-backed rebels have fought both Islamic State jihadists and occasionally the U.S.-backed YPG militia.  In October, Erdogan said he told Obama in a phone call that Turkey was capable of ousting Islamic State from Raqqa on its own. Other Turkish officials argued that the campaign to retake Raqqa should not begin until Iraqi forces complete their offensive against Islamic State in Mosul, which has slowed in recent weeks.  But U.S. officials are keen to isolate Raqqa and use Syrian forces to encircle it, mainly because of worries about Islamic State operatives fleeing from Mosul and plotting new attacks against the West. That concern is genuine because the jihadist group – even as it was weakened over the past year, after intensive U.S.-led bombing and defeats by its opponents in Iraq and Syria – has shown a significant ability to adapt and inflict new terror.  In the coming months, Islamic State will find new ways to endure an American-orchestrated offensive on Raqqa. It will try to take advantage of the change in U.S. administration. And once he’s in office, Trump will discover that fighting and containing Islamic State inevitably means wading into Syria’s complicated war.  ",politicsNews,"December 7, 2016 ",1
Deja Vu: Hillary Wants $275 Billion For Shovel-Ready Union Jobs,"Wait one damn minute! Didn t we do this already? It s another effort to spread the wealth and I m thinking the American people won t buy it this time.BOSTON (AP)   Hillary Clinton called for hundreds of billions in new federal spending on infrastructure on Sunday, kicking off what her campaign says will be a month-long focus on job creation.Standing before a backdrop of union workers and students, the Democratic presidential frontrunner vowed to rebuild  ladders of opportunity  and give a greater number of Americans a  middle-class lifestyle. Investing infrastructure makes our economy more productive and competitive,  she said at the launch of  Hard Hats for Hillary,  a new effort by her campaign to mobilize union workers.  To build a strong economy for our future, we must start by building strong infrastructure today. Clinton was joined by Boston Mayor Marty Walsh, who recently endorsed her campaign, and a number of labor unions backing her bid. Get your sledgehammers ready because we have a glass ceiling to demolish,  Walsh told a cheering audience crowded into historic Faneuil Hall.The new infrastructure proposals make up the most expensive portion of Clinton s economic agenda, which her campaign said would exceed the $350 billion she s already proposed for a college affordability plan. Along with the $275 billion in infrastructure funds, she plans to call for new investments in manufacturing and research in the coming weeks.Read more: Breitbart",politics,"Nov 30, 2015",0
" There’s A Video Of Trump Saying The N-Word, And Here’s How Much It’ll Cost To Get It Released","The world was recently teased that there are worse tapes of Donald Trump saying vile things out there then  grab her by the pussy.  That teaser came from Bill Pruitt. Pritt was the producer of The Apprentice, a reality show starring Trump that was for millions of Americans their first encounter with the now Republican presidential nominee.Pruitt sent out a tweet saying,  I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of #theapprentice I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. #justthebegininng  Bill Pruitt (@billpruitt) October 8, 2016Now it appears that at least one of those tapes features Trump saying the N-word. Whether one consider that worse or not would depend entirely on whether one despises Trump because he is a racist or whether they despise him because he is a violent misogynist. I prefer to loathe his existence for both equally. For those of you just itching to hear Trump to tear his past once again destroy his chances of winning the election, there s a problem. Apparently, the tapes are being held behind a legal wall. Mark Burnett is a producer on The Apprentice. He has threatened any leakers with the show that he will sue anyone who is caught revealing the tapes. According to Emmy-award winning producer Chris Nee, it ll cost anyone who leaks the tapes $5 million dollars. @mcuban the price is 5 million to cover the penalty fee. And we all get to hear him use the N word from what I hear https://t.co/IsmJvHHL1K  Chris Nee (@chrisdocnee) October 9, 2016 the price is 5 million to cover the penalty fee. And we all get to hear him use the N word from what I hear Apparently, there is some hope out there that we may get to hear those tapes anyway. David Brock, a Clinton backer has pledged to pay the penalty fees of anyone who can release those tapes, and it s like others would step forward as well. So please, if anyone has damning tapes of Trump from his time on the show, please release them.Featured image from Scott Olson/Getty Images",News,"October 9, 2016",0
INVITED POP STAR SAYS SHE’LL PERFORM At Trump Inauguration ONLY If She Can Sing Song About Lynching Blacks,"British pop singer Rebecca Ferguson, daughter of a white British woman and Jamaican father, says she has been invited to perform at Donald Trump s inauguration, but her response may not be the RSVP the President-elect s team were expecting.The former UK X-Factor runner-up said she would only accept the invitation on the condition that she could perform  Strange Fruit    a song protesting racism in 1930s America, made famous by Billie Holiday.The lyrics, written in the 1930s by Jewish communist Abel Meeropol, were composed as a protest poem to highlight endemic racism in America s southern states.The song s opening lyrics deal with lynching, which was still happening in parts of the country at the time: Southern trees bear strange fruit // Blood on the leaves and blood at the root // Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze // Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees.According to Billie Holiday s Estate, Holiday regularly performed the song at live performances in 1939. Her record label, Columbia, refused to let her record the song under their name, so they granted her a one-session contractual release that gave Holiday clearance to independently record the track.Later that year, the album featuring  Strange Fruit  sold a million copies, becoming Holiday s biggest-selling record at the time. In 1978, the single was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.  Last month, The Beach Boys told CNN that the group has been contacted about performing, but that  no decision has been made at this point as to how or whether they will participate. The so-called ""A"" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016-CNN",left-news,"Jan 3, 2017",0
"Exclusive: Expecting Trump action, U.S. suspends refugee resettlement interviews","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has temporarily halted trips by staff to interview refugees abroad as it prepares for a likely shakeup of refugee policy by President Donald Trump, two sources with knowledge of the decision said on Thursday. The decision effectively amounts to a pause in future refugee admissions, given that the interviews are a crucial step in an often years-long process. The DHS leadership’s decision to halt the interview trips was communicated to those involved in the U.S. refugee admission process on Wednesday, one of the sources said.  It means that though Trump has not yet ordered a temporary  halt to the refugee program, future admissions are likely to be delayed.  Trump is expected to sign an executive order that would include a temporary ban on all refugees, and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday that Trump could sign several executive orders on Friday, but that the nature of those had not been decided yet. Becca Heller, director of the International Refugee Assistance Project at the New York-based Urban Justice Center, said she was informed of the decision to halt the overseas interviews by several people in and outside of government. Gillian Christensen, a spokeswoman for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which is part of the Department of Homeland Security and which conducts the interviews, said the agency had delayed “a number of upcoming trips” but that they had not been “officially canceled.” DHS officers regularly visit countries such as Jordan, Malaysia, El Salvador, Kenya and Ethiopia to interview refugees seeking to enter the United States. It is usually one of the last steps in the refugee resettlement process. Heller said the decision to halt the overseas interviews would cause delays in refugee processing even if Trump decides to maintain the refugee program or re-start it after a temporary closure. “In the past, when we’ve frozen the refugee program to re-examine security issues, it’s been really important to continue processing even if you can’t admit people, because processing times in this program can be two to three years,” Heller     said. During the election campaign, Trump decried former President Barack Obama’s decision to increase the number of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States over fears that those fleeing the country’s civil war would carry out attacks.  Obama approved allowing up to 110,000 refugees in the 2017 fiscal year, compared with 85,000 the prior year. Trump said during the election campaign that there was no proper system to vet refugees. In addition to the interviews, refugees hoping to be resettled in the United States undergo extensive security screening by multiple U.S. agencies as well as vetting by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. ",politicsNews,"January 26, 2017 ",1
Exclusive: U.S. suspends aid to Somalia's battered military over graft,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The United States is suspending food and fuel aid for most of Somalia s armed forces over corruption concerns, a blow to the military as African peacekeepers start to withdraw this month. African Union (AU) troops landed in Mogadishu a decade ago to fight al Shabaab Islamist militants and Somali forces are supposed to eventually take over their duties. But the United States, which also funds the 22,000-strong peacekeeping force, has grown frustrated that successive governments have failed to build a viable national army. Diplomats worry that without strong Somali forces, al Shabaab could be reinvigorated, destabilize the region and offer a safe haven to other al Qaeda-linked militants or Islamic State fighters. The U.S. suspension of aid came after the Somali military repeatedly failed to account for food and fuel, according to private correspondence between the U.S. and Somali governments seen by Reuters.  During recent discussions between the United States and the Federal Government of Somalia, both sides agreed that the Somali National Army had failed to meet the standards for accountability for U.S. assistance,  a State Department official told Reuters last week, on condition of anonymity.   We are adjusting U.S. assistance to SNA units, with the exception of units receiving some form of mentorship, to ensure that U.S. assistance is being used effectively and for its intended purpose,  the official said. The U.S. suspension comes at a sensitive time. The AU force - with troops from Burundi, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya and Uganda - is scheduled to leave by 2020. The first 1,000 soldiers will go by the end of 2017. The State Department official said Washington would continue to support small, Somali special forces units mentored by U.S. personnel and would work with the Somali government to agree criteria that could restore support to other units.  It is true that some concerns have been raised on how support was utilized and distributed. The federal government is working to address these,  Somali Minister of Defence Mohamed Mursal told Reuters. Documents sent from the U.S. Mission to Somalia to the Somali government show U.S. officials are increasingly frustrated that the military is unable to account for its aid. The documents paint a stark picture of a military hollowed out by corruption, unable to feed, pay or arm its soldiers - despite hundreds of millions of dollars of support. Between May and June, a team of U.S. and Somali officials visited nine army bases to assess whether the men were receiving food the United States provides for 5,000 soldiers.  We did not find the expected large quantities of food at any location ... there was no evidence of consumption (except at two bases),  the U.S. team wrote to the Somali government.   At one base, less than a fifth of the soldiers listed by Somali commanders were present. The best-staffed base had 160 soldiers out of 550. Only 60 had weapons.  Many appeared to be wearing brand new uniforms. This implied they were assembled merely to improve appearances,  the letter, seen by Reuters, said. An ongoing assessment of the Somali military this year by the Somali government, African Union and United Nations drew similar conclusions.  The joint report seen by Reuters said many soldiers lacked guns, uniforms, food, vehicles or tents. Troops relied on support from AU forces or local militias to survive.  The SNA is a fragile force with extremely weak command and control,  the report said.  They are incapable of conducting effective operations or sustaining themselves.  Most units don t have radios, leaving soldiers to rely on runners to get help when mobile networks go down, the report said. Troops lacked paper to write reports, toilets, boots and medical equipment such as tourniquets. Many slept under trees.  SNA units were at 62 percent of their authorized strength on average. Only 70 percent of them had weapons, the report said. Although the report was deeply critical, diplomats praised the government for trying to quantify the scope of the problem.   The government deserves massive praise for doing it and being willing to talk about it,  Michael Keating, the U.N. s top official in Somalia, told Reuters. The United States also suspended a program paying soldiers $100 monthly stipends in June after the federal government refused to share responsibility for receiving the payments with regional forces fighting al Shabaab. Washington has spent $66 million on stipends over the past seven years but has halted the program several times, concerned the money was not going to frontline soldiers. One Somali document seen by Reuters showed members of a 259-strong ceremonial brass band were receiving stipends this year meant for soldiers fighting militants. The State Department s watchdog said in a report published in October there were insufficient checks on the program and U.S. stipends could fund forces that commit abuses - or even support insurgents.  Officially, Somalia s military is 26,000 strong, but the payroll is stuffed with ghost soldiers, pensioners and the dead, whose families may be receiving their payments, diplomats say.  Intermittent payments from the government have forced many active soldiers to sell their weapons, ammunition or seek other work - practices the U.S. stipends were designed to curb. Washington has whittled down the number of troops it pays to 8,000 from over 10,000 but there is still no reliable payroll, said a Mogadishu-based security expert.  Defence Minister Mursal said the United Nations is creating a biometric database and plans to help the Somali government make cash payments directly to soldiers via mobile phones.  The new government will also set up a separate system for widows, orphans, and the wounded so the payroll would adequately represent military strength, he said. The weakness of Somali forces has deadly consequences. The insurgency is striking with ever larger and more deadly attacks in the capital Mogadishu and major towns. A truck bomb killed more than 500 people in October and a suicide bomber killed at least 18 at a police academy on Thursday. Yusuf, a 35-year-old Somali soldier stationed near the Indian Ocean port of Kismayu, knows what it s like to depend on local militias and AU forces to stay alive. On Sept. 26, insurgents attacked his base at Bula Gadud, killing 15 colleagues and wounding scores more before the local Jubaland militia and AU peacekeepers saved them.   We lost several key members in that battle especially my close friend,  he told Reuters.  We tried to retreat ... after using all the ammunition we had.   A senior Somali security source said when the attack happened, the battalion of more than 1,000 soldiers had only been issued 300 guns.  Defence Minister Mursal said the Somali troops at Bulagadud have since been sent more weapons. Somalia s national security plan calls for a military of 18,000 soldiers, funded by the central government and operating country-wide.  Getting there will be hard. Security experts say the military is dominated by a powerful clan, the Hawiye, which would be reluctant to lose control of the lucrative security assistance revenue stream.  Many regional governments within Somalia already see the Hawiye-dominated federal forces as rivals rather than allies. The government s ability to push reforms depends on balancing demands from federal member states, lawmakers, clan leaders and international partners, the U.N. s Keating said.  It s going to take a long time and its going to run into massive clan resistance,  he said.  Some clans are very dominant in the security forces.  Somalia s partners also need to get serious and coordinate better, said Matt Bryden of the think-tank Sahan Research. According to Sahan, donors - including the EU, AU, Turkey and Uganda - have trained more than 80,000 Somali soldiers since 2004. Bryden said records are so poor it was not clear if many had taken multiple courses, or just quit afterwards.   It s like sand through your fingers   where are they all?  ",worldnews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
"CRAZY LIKE A FOX: JOE BIDEN Announces $2.45 Billion Dollar “Loan” To Money-Sucking AMTRAK…No, We’re Not Kidding!","No, we re not kidding -the money sucker of all time is getting a  loan . AMTRAK has always been a loser but leave it up to crazy Uncle Joe to toss OUR money away for new chop choos in Washington, DC  and Delaware yes, Joe is protecting his own before all you little people.  Could someone please tell Joe Biden we re close to 20 TRILLION dollars in debt? Holy smokes, these Dems love to spend money on boondoggles Liberals love public transportation and no one in government has been a better friend to Amtrak than Vice President Joe Biden, who just announced a multi-billion dollar federal loan to Amtrak.Of course, calling it a loan assumes it will be paid back at some point. How is Amtrak going to pay back the loan when it has never even been profitable? Amtrak couldn t even continue to exist without huge government subsidies.Also, as you should note in the CNN report below, the lion s share of the loan is going towards trains and maintenance in  You guessed it, Washington, DC.From the report:Biden announces $2.45 billion federal loan to AmtrakVice President Joe Biden announced Friday a $2.45 billion loan to Amtrak from the Department of Transportation, the largest loan in the department s history. Biden announced the new loan at his namesake Joseph R. Biden Jr., Train Station in Wilmington, Delaware.The $2.45 billion will be used to purchase 28 new train sets for the high-speed Acela train between Washington through New York and into Boston. The money will also be used to rehabilitate railroad tracks and upgrade four stations, including Washington s Union Station and Baltimore s Penn Station.Read more: CNN",politics,"Aug 28, 2016",0
"Myanmar military denies atrocities against Rohingya, replaces general","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s army released a report on Monday denying all allegations of rape and killings by security forces, having days earlier replaced the general in charge of the operation that drove more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee to Bangladesh. No reason was given for Major General Maung Maung Soe being transferred from his post as the head of Western Command in Rakhine state, where Myanmar s military, known as the Tatmadaw, launched a sweeping counter-insurgency operation in August.  I don t know the reason why he was transferred,  Major General Aye Lwin, deputy director of the psychological warfare and public relation department at the Ministry of Defense, told Reuters.  He wasn t moved into any position at present. He has been put in reserve.  A senior U.N. official, who had toured the refugee camps in Bangladesh, on Sunday accused Myanmar s military of conducting organized mass rape and other crimes against humanity. The Myanmar military said its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities. The investigators  findings were posted on the Facebook page of the military s commander-in-chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing. The developments came ahead of a visit on Wednesday by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. He is expected to deliver a stern message to Myanmar s generals, over whom national leader Aung San Suu Kyi has little control. A spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, Katina Adams, said the United States was aware of reports of the general s replacement and added:  We remain gravely concerned by continuing reports of violence and human rights abuses committed by Burmese security forces and vigilantes. Those responsible for abuses must be held accountable.  Lawmakers in Washington are pressing to pass legislation imposing economic and travel sanctions targeting the military and its business interests.  In an op-ed in Britain s Guardian newspaper on Monday, Republican Representative Steve Chabot and Democratic Representative Joseph Crowley said it was time to  expeditiously  impose sanctions.  The U.S. needs to send a clear message that there is no excuse for a cruel, extensive and grossly disproportionate crackdown on civilians,  they said. The government in mostly Buddhist Myanmar, which is also known as Burma, regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Leaders of Asian nations meeting in Manila on Monday skirted around the exodus of the Rohingya, disappointing human rights groups who were hoping for a tough stand. Maung Maung Soe s transfer was ordered on Friday and Brigadier General Soe Tint Naing, formerly a director in logistics, was appointed as the new head of Western Command. Made up of three divisions, Western Command is overseen by the Bureau of Special Operations, which reports to the office of Min Aung Hlaing. A senior U.N. official, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, has described the army s actions in Rakhine as a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  Myanmar says the clearance operation was necessary for national security after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts and an army base in the state on Aug. 25. The internal investigation put the number of fighters involved in the attacks at over 10,000, more than doubling an earlier official estimate. Speaking in Dhaka, Pramila Patten, the U.N. Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict, said she would raise accusations against the Myanmar military with the International Criminal Court in the Hague.  When I return to New York, I will brief and raise the issue with the prosecutor and president of the ICC whether they (Myanmar s military) can be held responsible for these atrocities,  Patten said.  Sexual violence is being commanded, orchestrated and perpetrated by the Armed Forces of Myanmar, otherwise known as the Tatmadaw,  Patten said following a three-day tour of the Rohingya refugee camps in the Cox s Bazar region of Bangladesh.  Rape is an act and a weapon of genocide,  she said. Refugees have accused Myanmar soldiers and Buddhist vigilantes of torching their villages, murdering their families and raping women. Patten said brutal acts of sexual violence had occurred in the context of collective persecution that included the killing of adults and children, torture, mutilation and the burning and looting of villages.  The forms of sexual violence we consistently heard about from survivors include gang-rape by multiple soldiers, forced public nudity and humiliation, and sexual slavery in military captivity. One survivor was in captivity for 45 days by the Myanmar army,  Patten said. The Myanmar military s internal probe said that according to 2,817 people interviewed from 54 Rohingya villages soldiers did not fire on  innocent villagers , rape or commit sexual violence against women. Nor were there any killings or beating of villagers, and the security forces did not carry out any looting or set fire to Rohingya mosques, it said.  The report also concluded that security forces only used small arms in clashes with Rohingya militants and there were no findings to suggest the use of  excessive force . It also blamed the militants for setting fire to the villages and frightening and coercing people to leave their homes. Myanmar is refusing entry to a U.N. panel that was tasked with investigating allegations of abuses after a smaller military counteroffensive launched in October 2016. The country is in the early stages of a fragile transition to democracy after being ruled by a junta for 49 years, and the generals have retained their autonomy on matters of defense, security and border issues under a 2008 constitution. Three generals are members of the cabinet. Suu Kyi has said that any alleged atrocities should be substantiated and investigated, while her government is working to stabilize Rakhine in order for the Rohingya to return. For now, though, the flow is one way. The International Rescue Committee, a New York-based aid agency, reckons that around two-thirds of an estimated 300,000 Rohingya remaining in Myanmar could head across the border in the coming months. ",worldnews,"November 13, 2017 ",1
 Trump’s First Action In Office: Hurt The Poor As Quickly As Possible,"The first thing that Donald Trump had planned on doing upon taking office was issue a bunch of executive orders canceling a bunch of executive orders. That s one promise he s making good on already, but rescinding a lot of things Obama did will harm a lot of people.During Obama s last week in office, he announced a reduction in FHA fees from .85 percent to .60 percent. That may not sound like a lot, but given that mortgages are in the hundreds of thousands, that reduction can actually provide some relief to low-income and first-time borrowers. That s what Trump has canceled.The Department of Housing and Urban Development is now under the auspices of the less-than-experienced-and-intelligent Ben Carson, who was disappointed that Obama didn t consult him about this. He was also disappointed that Obama and the FHA announced it so close to the end of his presidency.Which is, of course, ridiculous   until Obama had officially left office and Trump was officially sworn in, he could continue his work as the leader of this country. But Republicans have spent the last year acting like a president has no right to act during his entire last year of office, though, so of course Carson was upset.Republicans claim that lowering those rates will hurt taxpayers because it will hurt funding for the FHA. From the group that wants to destroy the mortgage-interest deduction homeowners claim on their taxes, though, that s rich. In reality, this is another attack on the poor and the young.It s important to note that what the FHA program does is provide insurance for mortgages, rather than doing the actual loans themselves. On a $200,000 home, the annual fee is $1,700. The reduction Obama wanted would have reduced that to $1,200. An extra $500 per year doesn t sound like much, but for both low-income and first-time homebuyers, that extra $500 can go a very long way.What does Trump and his administration care, though? Their logic very likely boils down to,  If you can t afford to buy, then just freaking rent. It s not that hard.  Well, actually, yes it is in many markets where average rents are higher than average mortgages. In fact, in August 2016, monthly rents were higher than monthly mortgage payments in markets across 42 states.Housing groups were divided on this, but many did want Obama s reduction because they believed it could have helped spur some home-buying. Without that reduction, though, there will be fewer low-income people who can afford a loan, and will have trouble affording to rent housing too. That can push them into worse areas with fewer jobs, and it s a downward spiral.Thanks, Trump.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",News,"January 20, 2017",0
 Staffers INSIDE The White House Are Showing Us Just How MASSIVE An A** Trump Really Is (TWEETS),"Last week, a ton of U.S. government employees took to Twitter to tell Donald Trump to go fuck himself in their own ways. There are now well over a hundred of these  rogue  accounts, and one of them comes from inside the White House itself. Rogue POTUS Staff, under the handle @RoguePOTUSStaff, has been tweeting out things about Trump that give us an inside look at Trump and his administration.Their account has over half a million followers already, showing the popularity of what they have to say. Many of their tweets are news stories and support for other rogue accounts, because all these rogue employees need to support each other. But Rogue POTUS Staff also puts forth things that will probably never make it into mainstream media reports, such as what Trump said just five days after he was inaugurated:Pres. Trump is already making waves at the office. Wants to be  the President who will be remembered as a King.  His words, not ours.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017POTUS loved Kellyanne s alternative facts line. Said she was dumb for it, but loved the idea anyway because people would talk about it.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017And they have no problem telling all of Twitter that the Liar-in-Chief is, in fact, a liar that s intimidating everyone:Everyone in the room knew POTUS was lying about 5 million illegals voting, but nobody dared to point it out. What have we done?  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017Rogue POTUS Staff keeps careful tabs on the growing discord Trump is creating at the White House, but also keeps careful tabs on what Trump does  behind the scenes.  It s both entertaining and frightening   they ve proven to be better than the press just how much of a child Trump really is.POTUS asking around about people s Photoshop skills. Says inauguration photos need to be  touched up.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017POTUS not pleased with Priebus using @MeetThePress appearance to promise green card change that POTUS rejected. Feels his hand was pushed.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017Under early morning advice from Bannon POTUS to push Spicer to accuse #MuslimBan protests of compromising national security.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017Suspicion that Bannon urging POTUS to egg on protests, then call in National Guard to disperse, as demonstration of power. #resistpeacefully  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017Priebus calling @MeetThePress interview  disaster.  POTUS appears uncooperative on fixing EO problems, more worried about press coverage.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017POTUS fuming after judge order last night. Suggested having agents to  do it anyway  & ignore order. Preibus said to be at wits end.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017POTUS sowing real discord by being more interested in NYT than the work of being POTUS. Bannon encouraging him to irritate #UnholyTrinity .  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017Bannon jokes that he has mixed feelings about SCOTUS pick. Says that a white man shouldn t have to serve coffee to a Hispanic woman.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 31, 2017Priebus worried about public anger if they learn POTUS wasted tax $$ to bring in SCOTUS loser for Apprentice style nom. announcement. #oops  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 31, 2017They re making Trump look like the huge, egotistical buffoon he is:Overheard through locked door:  Don t they know I m the f  President!?  POTUS displeased at resistance. #resist  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017POTUS will NOT shut up about how he s going to overshadow Pelosi s town hall. Wants press conference to run long to obscure coverage. #petty  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) February 1, 2017POTUS asks why he should  give a damn about muzzie Canucks?  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017They also point out how Trump patted himself on the back for his SCOTUS nomination:POTUS appearing very proud of himself today. Says country should be thanking him for the best SCOTUS nomination in history.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) February 1, 2017Best SCOTUS pick in history using the most transparent appointment process in history by way of the man with the biggest inaugural audience in history. Right.Trump apparently wasn t too totally keen on Gorsuch, though:#UnholyTrinity back Gorsuch for SCOTUS. Had POTUS convinced. But POTUS swaying back to Hardiman for spite, despite look of more nepotism.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017Bannon suggested reaching out to Gorsuch and Hardiman to gauge willingness to back #MuslimBan EO in court. Pence dissuades, but barely.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017POTUS getting eye rolls at flip-floppity attitude toward SCOTUS pick. After settling from crazy weekend, seems back on the Gorsuch train.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 31, 2017These people will never reveal who they are, though, and for good reason. They re putting their jobs and possibly their freedom on the line to keep the world informed of goings-on inside the White House. It s the same with all the rogue and alt government accounts   it s even highly unlikely that each person or group behind each account knows who s behind any of the other accounts.Feel free to unfollow. We have families. This acct could be violation of Hatch Act. What you act could be prosecuted as espionage. #inhiding https://t.co/XGKiFR9Gr1  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017This starting to get scary. Four of these messages in the inbox today. Not indications yet that POTUS is aware of this acct, but someone is. pic.twitter.com/mfihbghTVr  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017Bannon apparently hunting for heretics. Confirmed, is aware of this acct. Actively trying to identify us. #UnholyTrinity may be losing grip.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 28, 2017Because of this, it s impossible to know what s real and what s not. Some suspect this is a fake account, others suspect that the suspicious ones are the fake accounts. Rogue POTUS Staff has been around since Jan. 25, though, which is on the early side of when this whole movement got started. Their pinned tweet says everything:When well intended patriots disagree, that s democracy. When POTUS says it s not fact until he approves it, that s tyranny.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017Featured image by Pete Marovich via Getty Images/screen captures",News,"February 1, 2017",0
BOOM! INTEL CHAIR Asks FBI/NSA Directors if Russians Hacked Votes in Key States [Video],"Russians didn t hack ANY votes. Period. #ComeyHearing pic.twitter.com/yz6c76frz1  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 20, 2017",Government News,"Mar 20, 2017",0
"Obama to visit Poland, Spain in NATO summit trip in July: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will travel to Poland and Spain next month to attend the NATO Summit, including a bilateral meeting with Polish President Andrzej Duda to discuss security issues, the White House said on Monday.  Obama will attend his last NATO summit in Warsaw from July 7 to July 9, the White House said in a statement. He then travels to meet with leaders in Spain, a NATO ally, from July 9 to July 11, it said. ",politicsNews,"June 6, 2016 ",1
Fear and loathing in South Korea as university exam postponed by quake,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean test-takers expressed confusion and dejection on Thursday as the country s highly competitive annual university entrance exam, called a  life assignment exam  by some, was postponed a week for the first time ever due to safety concerns.  South Korea postponed the exam after a rare earthquake rattled the country on Wednesday, causing damage to buildings including some schools. The exam is life-defining for many high school seniors, as a prestigious university on one s resume is seen a minimum for securing a place in limited corporate jobs in Asia s fourth-largest economy, which is dominated by conglomerates.  Because the wrong answer to a single question in the roughly 200-question exam can mean dropping in the national ranking and failure to enter one s choice of university, tensions ran high.   It s a bit hellish thinking I have to do this for one more week,  said 20-year-old Cho Hyun-lee, studying at one of Seoul s largest cram schools to take the test again after last year.  People are dispirited, lying with their faces down.   Some scrambled to recover books they d thrown away yesterday or buy new ones, two test-takers told Reuters, while others  gave up , uploading pictures of classmates sleeping or reading online comics on social media. Still others agonized over missing concerts of their favorite singers or South Korea s largest online game exhibition this week.  Meanwhile, South Korean society, geared for the exam s smooth progress, prepared to do it all again next Thursday.   Airplanes, barred from taking off or landing for 35 minutes on Thursday morning to prevent their noise from interfering with the exam s listening section, were allowed to land or take off, the transport ministry said.  But the stock market and banks still opened an hour late on Thursday   a device to help keep roads clear for students getting to test sites.  The defense ministry allowed extra leave for soldiers in mandatory military service who had taken personal leave to sit the exam.  Four police officers were stationed on double shifts at each of the 85 locations exam questions are kept and police patrolled the premises every two hours to prevent their leaking.  As fainter aftershocks continued on Wednesday and Thursday, many Koreans said they support the postponement   but some were inconsolable.   It feels like I was turning the handle on the exit door from hell then returned to square one,  said Lee Yoon-mi, a high school senior in Incheon.   If you re not a test-taker, you could never understand.   ",worldnews,"November 16, 2017 ",1
Hell Comes to Frogtown: Alt Right and Triumph of Transhumanism,"Deep inside the archetypal psyche of Pepe the Frog Branko Mali  21st Century WireWhile Richard Spencer s half-joke of hailing Donald Trump with Roman salute rose a lot of dust, some remarks in his NPI speech point into rather sinister direction. A posthuman one.  transcript with references and additional a/v material:Undoubtedly, there was a sigh of relief throughout the world when Hillary Clinton lost Presidential elections to Donald Trump. If for nothing else, then for the sake of quiet joy of watching adolescent commissars melt in tears, crying foul over  racism, homophobia, xenophobia  and whateverphobia; it was a joy, and a relief, because it showed monolithic control system of moral nominalism, dubbed  political correctness  to be a paper tiger.However, the party is over and the dialectics are back with the vengeance .As SJWs are, hopefully, moving out from the spotlight of post-historical stage, the new contender asserts his right to fashion the reality of our day and age into his own image.If we are to judge the day by the first gleam of dawn, this image will be just as ugly   and just as unreal   as hermaphrodite ideal of politically correct  shitlib .In the words of more or less universally acclaimed leader of the alternative right, or  Alt Right  movement, Richard Spencer, in the future we are to deal with the leadership of  children of the sun .This is an interesting, and to my mind quite worrisome, statement of intent   a manifestation of will, as Spencer would doubtless rectify me   pointing out in many directions while seemingly focusing on the eternal   and quite unidirectional   circular movement of the pagan deity, revered by all self-respecting  bermenschen   from Nietzsche to postmodern occultists.However, there s a deeper astro-theological metaphor at work here. The  pure eye that can gaze upon overabundance of joy without envy  (Nietzsche) in it s virtual, postmodern, installment is not to be strictly represented by a Swastika   as Spencer apparently assumes, but by other, only seemingly ancient, symbol taken in fact from the world of tabletop and PC gaming and turned into ideological brand by Russian philosopher Alexander Dugin (or his minions): an individual widely promoted by core members of alt right movement.The symbol in question is an eight pointed star signifying the movement, not of sun, but of presumably primordial origin of everything: Chaos.In the lines to follow, we ll provide some preliminary analysis of the emerging situation: the channeling of chaos principle   and adjacent chaos logic   through loosely knit alt right movement, taking as a starting point some statements from Spencer s speech held at NPI Conference in Washington D.C. on November 21st.Triumph of the will, or hipster Babylon working?In introduction to his triumphal encomium to the ideological victory of alt right, embodied in the election of Donald Trump, Spencer makes one interesting remark: But even though we always took Trump seriously, there was still a moment of unreality   or perhaps too painfully intense reality   when the state of Pennsylvania was called for Donald Trump  the moment when we knew Kek had smiled upon us, that meme magic was real. And though these terms are used half-jokingly, they represent something truly important the victory of will. We willed Donald Trump into office, made this dream into reality.  We ll start our explanation with lesser weirdness. Meme  is an expression denoting  inexistent existent , coined apparently by Richard Dawkins to explain how human thoughts fit in his evolutionary theology: memes are thoughts expressed in image and/or phrase which, by circulation in public, acquire the life and subsistence of their own and are able to  infect  the consciousness with their messages, like viruses. A Meme is inexistent because there s no such thing as thoughts having a biologically based self-subsistence and ability to procreate like viruses. Images and/or phrases are not living beings save by bad analogy that omits to tell us on what exactly it is based: what is that one principle making memes and viruses congenial.  Yet they, quite paradoxically, exist because the analogy apparently works. However no one seems to pose the question, why it works.Well, it works because it is magical, in a manner of speaking.Chaos MagickHere we have an example of magical thinking in the postmodern   in fact, post-humanist vein, resting on the assumption that what has not evolved in nature can   and should   be created in analogy to imagined process of evolution. If a artificial construct is in line with a  principle of evolution  it is real or, to be more precise, it is in accordance with imaginary nature of this principle   it is imagined into existence.Therefore  meme magick  works only insofar it relies upon artificial, preferably technological medium for sustenance and on assumption that its recipients identify themselves with their artificial, preferably online identities that can indeed be imbibed with  memes  as they are in themselves artificial and arbitrary constructs.The goal of practitioner of such magic   a far cry from what was traditionally considered to be magic   is to change the world according to his will. This is, more or less, what is known from the Seventies of the last century as chaos magick, a postmodern imitation of  ancient practice of acting in sub-human and sub-natural  domain  of the world, in the past mostly confined to people born with the dubious talent to practice it. The peculiarity of chaos magick is, on the one hand, that it is entirely syncretic, i.e. that it uses everything that its practitioner can imbibe with intended, subjective, meaning, and that it relies on virtual, i.e. artificial world of mass culture, now embodied above all in Internet.The idea behind it all is that nothing is true and everything is possible.There are many interesting implications to this.The first is that everything is interrelated, i.e. that everything is connected with everything else. So any which way you take, you ll get where you want to get if you will it hard enough. The second is that there s no hierarchy of higher and lower   there s only an infinite surface dissolving into ever more complex elements, dissolving in turn into nothingness, if concentrated upon. As there s nothing higher, there s nothing to be revered and everything can   and indeed: should   be an object of ironical laughter. And, most importantly, this is the world of dreams, ruled by what is usually called  dream logic  but in actual fact: chaos logic or un-logic.In this sense, Richard Spencer quite accurately proclaimed Trump s victory an accomplishment of meme   or chaos magick.In theory, Trump is willed into office by Internet memes binding the will of alt right adherents and turning their dream into reality   virtual reality, one may add, yet reality nonetheless. The fact that Trump was elected for a plethora of motives   from the appeal of his politics, to public takedown of Hillary Clinton by Wikileaks   is immaterial, because in the world of chaos every subjective  reality tunnel , or interpretation of the world, is as real as any other.In this sense we can observe the new  God Emperor of USA  as a magical creation of Internet, by the Internet and for the Internet   today still the Internet of interconnected computer nodes, but soon probably the Internet of Things.If one is to push Spencer s remark to it s logical extreme, we can assert that illustrious Donald is the world s first president of posthuman race; an embodiment of a ultra progressive dream invoked to reality by professed ultra anti-progressive group.So that was lesser weirdness. Let us proceed now to high weirdness.Hail Kek!We owe the reader an answer to a question: who the hell is Kek?Well, the reason why Spencer mentions him is again a magickal  half-joke : Kek is interpreted to be an ancient Egyptian deity by a number of Internet observers and identified with alt right memetic avatar   Pepe the Frog. While I habitually suspend judgment on all things Egyptian, because ancient Egyptian culture is a slippery ground even for experts, I consider this interpretation, upon closer inspection, to be quite valid in the virtual light of chaos logic.Namely, Pepe, the cartoon character, conceived in 2005. by cartoonist Matt Furie, emerged as a meme from the depths of Internet forums, more precisely: 4chan sub-forum/pol/, devoted to political discussions with no holds barred, which was, in view of some observers, a breeding ground for many alt right aficionados; a place of absolute freedom, therefore: absolute chaos.The expression  Kek  was also appropriated from the forums and stems from the in-joke among the players of World of Warcraft, replacing the standard Internet abbreviation  LOL  ( laughing out loud ). Someone eventually noticed that Kek is in fact the name of frog-headed Egyptian deity, signifying Chaos and darkness, and Pepe was then rebranded as Kek the deity   an ironic one, no doubt, half joking one, as surprisingly many alt-righters like to put it, but deity nonetheless.It is important to point out that in view of the most  esoteric Kekists , that is: (half grinning) faithful of Kek/Pepe, the association was originally entirely haphazard and accidental, yet it developed into an ever growing system of synchronicities   causally unrelated meaningful relations among events. So it came to pass that Kek sounds very similar to  cuck (originally: cuckservative), a term denoting old fashioned conservative who was still not  red pilled  (another meme taken from pop culture, shared by both alt right and conspiracy theorists) by alt right or, should we assume: Kek himself; furthermore, Hillary Clinton addressed Pepe as nothing less than public enemy, identifying presumably the whole alt right movement with cartoon character. Then it happened that after this act Hillary fainted in front of the cameras, and that was immediately interpreted as an action of Kek. A good run-down of Kek/Pepe/Trump identification.However, it all began with people noticing the numerical synchronicities in the random series of numbers in posts on /pol/ sub-forum: One last thing you need to understand about imageboard culture: dubs.Every post on 4chan and similar venues comes with an 8-digit numerical stamp.  This number represents that post s entry position in the entire posting lineage of the imageboard.With the amount of traffic these sites get, the last couple digits of this number are essentially a random roll.  When a poster gets repeated digits, its called  dubs ,  trips ,  quads , and so on.Since a poster can t know their post number until after they ve submitted the post, its common for people to  bet  the contents of their message on the occurrence of repeating digits ( ) When that endeavor proves a successful, a  GET  has been made and the stroke of luck is celebrated.Out of this practice, a strange phenomenon began to take place on /pol/: discussion threads associated with Trump displayed noticeably frequent GETs.  It wasn t long before all of these seemingly random elements discussed so far became irreparably tied together within imageboard culture: and a god was born.  (source)Synchronicities  related to emergence of Kek the God and his merging with Trump in the bowels of Internet forums early on in the  presidential campaign, are so numerous and, frankly, mind boggling that we cannot list them here, for the sake of brevity. For our purpose it is sufficient to point out that for many alt right aficionados, including core leadership, Kek is the God and Trump is his prophet, all declared with smug grin and ironical stance, yet with all the necessary power of conviction.Namely, chaos magick relies on laughter, or irreverence of its own principles because it is essentially un-principled. Fairly in accordance with its postmodern nature it seeks to deconstruct any kind of order to enable its  practitioner  to impose his own will and change the world   as Spencer would put it: make his dreams a reality.I would go further and add: make all reality a dream; because, chaos magick and alt right are nothing more but novel forms in the development of virtual, i.e. posthuman, world. The idea of adherence and reattachment to tradition that the alt right movement professes is nothing more but simulacrum appealing to people tired of liberal nihilism   in its essence, however, it is a complete opposite: a disintegration of all substantial traditional principles   above all an idea of preexistent hierarchy of Being   into nothingness of primordial Chaos.Posthuman traditionalismI already developed this insight regarding the subversive work of Alexander Dugin, who is probably the most consequent subverter of Tradition with recognizable public persona acting in our age, but now we can see how his affiliates in the USA and Europe are doing the same thing   with less philosophical subtlety, but fueled by much greater raw power. Namely, alt right, if we are to judge by what its leadership advocates, is ideologically nothing more but project of building the simulated tradition   something Richard Spencer likes to call  political theology    founded on New Age filtered Aryan myths, racial interpretation of Nietzsche and generally crossbred with  do your own thing  mentality, all done in the virtual ether of information technology. After all, if we are to agree with Spencer   half jokingly of course   that God Emperor was inaugurated by the act of Kek the God, then the victory of alt right  traditionalists  is in fact the victory of technological magic; the act of pseudo magus waving the same wand Ray Kurzweill and his ilk offer to progressive lunatics.In the end, therefore, we are talking about another victory of posthumanism, branded, spontaneously or otherwise, as  traditionalism.  The obsession of alt right adherents with  identity  in general and  white identity  in particular points to a fact that they are unable to realize the simple truth of Tradition they supposedly defend: they understand identity as something that can be created and not something that must be accepted. Observing the plethora of various, rather eccentric individuals in its vanguard, from macho gay postmodern Spartans to adherents to all kinds of exotic   and to a large extent made up   pagan religions one is at the lack to find a common denominator, save maybe for quite unchallenged neo-Darwinist stance, especially to be found among  game  bloggers as Chateau Heartiste. If someone thinks that he can reattach himself to pre-modern spiritual history of humankind   actually the only one there is   while at the same time musing about  alpha and beta males ,  sexual market ,  signaling and counter-signaling , professing therefore his proud monkey ancestry and reducing human relations to mental GMO of memes, genes and biological analogies   he is doing nothing else than unconsciously subverting the very thing he seemingly defends.The allure of alt right lies in its dialectical opposition to political correctness and rampart destruction of moral substance of the West, induced by process of globalization. Yet this is an eristic or, to use an excellent neologism invented by one correspondent of mine: discordian dialectic; the process of infinite division into ever multiplying opposites founded on the principle of Chaos. It is all done with the crooked half grin, a pinch of salt to every smug remark   with irony of the man who knows he s a liar and a cheat. But smug humor goes just a short way. In the end it morphs into sarcasm and irreverence of what should in fact be revered and subverts the very principles it professes to defend, far more effectively than dead serious PC brigade or techno loonies of posthumanist movement could ever hope for.We ll end with the word of warning to Christian adherents of alt right. The words have a definite meanings and power. There s only one Chaos and there s only one bringer of light from Chaos   as some Kek worshipers already defined the poor Frog s main job. And it s not the One to be defined as  God from God, Light from Light , but  God from Gutter, Light from Darkness . A real Darkness shining in virtual brightness. Hope you guess His name.So, without a pinch of irony, I declare: be careful who your  hail .***Author Branko Mali is a Croatian author and owner of Kali Tribune, with the background in classical philosophy. He s focused on philosophy, media, culture and deep politics analysis.READ MORE PHILOSOPHY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Philosophy FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",US_News,"November 25, 2016",0
Factbox: Contenders for senior jobs in Trump's administration,"(Reuters) - The following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as U.S. President-elect Donald Trump assembles his administration before taking office on Jan. 20, according to Reuters sources and other media reports. Trump already has named a number of people for other top jobs in his administration. [nL1N1EE0X0] * Chuck Conner, a former acting secretary of the U.S. Agriculture Department and current head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives * Tim Huelskamp, Republican U.S. representative from Kansas * Sid Miller, Texas agriculture commissioner  * Sonny Perdue, former Georgia governor * Navy Admiral Mike Rogers, director of the National Security Agency * Ronald Burgess, retired U.S. Army lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief  * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former U.S. representative from Michigan     * John Allison, a former chief executive officer of regional bank BB&T Corp and former head of the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank * Paul Atkins, former SEC commissioner  * Thomas Hoenig, Federal Deposit Insurance Corp vice chairman and former head of the Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank * Dr. Scott Gottlieb, a venture capitalist, resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and former Food and Drug Administration deputy commissioner * Jim O’Neill, a Silicon Valley investor who previously served in the Department of Health and Human Services * Debra Wong Yang, a former U.S. attorney who was appointed by former President George W. Bush * Ralph Ferrara, a securities attorney at Proskauer Rose LLP * Paul Atkins, a former SEC commissioner who heads Trump’s transition team for independent financial regulatory agencies * Daniel Gallagher, Republican former SEC commissioner The Trump transition team confirmed the president-elect would choose from a list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including Republican U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. * Dan DiMicco, former CEO of steel producer Nucor Corp * Robert Lighthizer, former deputy U.S. trade representative during the Reagan administration * Wayne Berman, senior executive with private equity and financial services firm Blackstone Group LP  * David McCormick, president of investment manager Bridgewater Associates LP  * Pete Hegseth, CEO of Concerned Veterans for America and Fox News commentator  * Navy Admiral Michelle Howard  * Retired Admiral Thad Allen, former Coast Guard commandant appointed by President Barack Obama to lead government relief efforts after BP Gulf oil spill * Scott Brown, former Republican U.S. senator from Massachusetts * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor and Republican nominee for vice president in 2008. * Jeff Miller, former Republican U.S. representative from Florida who was chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee * Larry Kudlow, economist and media commentator ",politicsNews,"December 19, 2016 ",1
WHOA! Did “White Supremacist” Who Organized Charlottesville Protests Work For CNN? Were Protests Manufactured To Create Hate For Right and Trump?,"Has anyone seen Barack Obama lately? What about Valerie Jarrett, who actually MOVED IN to the Obama household shortly after exiting the White House? Why would Obama s 60-year old former senior advisor move into his house with his wife and daughter who is still in high school? Unless there was some obvious reason for her living with the Obama s, it makes no sense whatsoever. Why does no one in the media find this arrangement to be even remotely odd? Is it possible that Barack Obama and his evil puppet-master had something to do with orchestrating what many believe was a fake protest in Charlottesville, as a way to create hate for white people, the Right and more importantly to give Americans a reason to blame President Trump and the Republican Party for the actions of the racist groups who participated in the protests.Immediately after the violence in Charlottesville took place, President Trump took to Twitter and turned to the media to (rightfully) condemn both sides of the conflict.We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017Curiously, the former president, who s been keeping a very low profile leading up to the Charlottesville protests, tweeted a response to Charlottesville. CNN called Obama s response on Twitter,  The most linked tweet in the history of Twitter.  CNN was so giddy over the response to Obama s tweet, they actually published an entire story on the success of his tweets:Former President Barack Obama s tweet reacting to the attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, is the most liked tweet ever on the social network.Obama s reaction to the Charlottesville attack is also the fifth-most retweeted behind a tweet from a teen who wanted free chicken nuggets from Wendy s, Ellen Degeneres  tweet from 2014 Oscars, a tweet from singer Louis Tomlinson to his One Direction bandmate Harry Styles and Ariana Grande s previously mentioned tweet.So, what exactly was the media s role in using the Charlottesville protests to push the false narrative that,  President Trump is a racist? Nation One News decided to do a little digging into the leader of the allegedly  White Supremacist  leader who organized the  Unite the Right  rally in Charlottesville, and here are a few very curious things they found:First of all, the ACLU defended Jason Kessler and forced the city to keep his permit in place. This was after the city raised concerns about the ability of Law Enforcement to keep Antifa, BLM, and the New Black Panthers from clashing with the White Supremacists who were attending with Jason Kessler.Here are a few things you need to know about Jason Kessler.First, he supports gun control. Second, he LOVES Obama and Clinton! Third, He LOVED the Iran deal struck by Obama!Fourth, Hates Republicans and compared them to Dahmer.Finally, he claims he was  Red Pilled  into becoming a Trump Supporter ?He claims he was  red pilled  by the  media instigating the Baltimore riots.  However, an Advanced search of his Tweets only reveals one Tweet raising questions or assigning blame for the Baltimore Riots. That Tweet was sent a month AFTER this so called  red pill  or change of heart.So who is this guy really? Well, at least some of rumors on the Internet are True, he was, in fact, a Liberal and he admitted it. His reason for changing his mind doesn t add up, based on the evidence.He has Tweeted 4843 times and he never mentioned the Baltimore Riots prior to his change of heart.One last thing.We are researching to determine if he used to work for or with CNN. CNN has not responded to our calls or emails. It is possible that another Jason Kessler worked for CNN, however, the Jason Kessler from Charlottesville have a gap in his Linked In profile from 2009 to 2013.According to SNOPES, the left wing  fact-checker  source, they ve talked to CNN, who confirms they never employed the Jason Kessler who clashed with BLM and Antifa in Charlottesville. So cased closed right?Here is what the LEFT-wing SNOPES had to say:Did Kessler write articles for CNN that were sympathetic to the Occupy movement?False. Kessler says he never worked for CNN, and we spoke to a source at CNN who confirmed it. A writer named Jason Kessler was once employed by CNN, and he did cover Occupy Wall Street protests among many other topics, but according to CNN it was not the same Jason Kessler who went on to lead Unite the Right.Except that Americans have become much less trusting of these so-called  fact-checkers  and sources they used to believe were honest about the news they reported. We no longer believe anything SNOPES or the Very Fake News CNN has to say. Jason Kessler used to run a blog called jasonkessler.net, however, the site is conveniently taken down. ",politics,"Aug 25, 2017",0
Swiss right-wing's Blocher: Trump win a warning to world establishment,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s U.S. election victory, on the heels of Britain’s vote to exit the European Union, was fuelled by voters who feel neglected and shunned by establishment leaders, prominent Swiss right-winger Christoph Blocher said on Wednesday.  Blocher, a top official in the anti-immigration Swiss People’s Party who engineered its ascent to become the biggest faction in the Swiss parliament, said Trump’s win over Democrat Hillary Clinton was a warning to current world leaders not to go over citizens’ heads on issues including immigration. “People feel powerless against those who rule them, and for them, Trump is a release valve,” Blocher said in an interview. “The unexpected result ... should give pause to those who are in power around the world.”  Next year, the Netherlands, France and Germany - and possibly Italy and Britain too - will hold elections in which debate is likely to be driven by populist parties over issues including immigration. [nL8N1D83Q4] That was also a central theme in Britain’s June 23 “Brexit” vote to end 43 years of EU membership. [nU8N1B401J] Non-EU Switzerland is seeking to balance demands by voters in 2014 for immigration quotas for EU workers without torpedoing trade agreements with the bloc. Blocher’s party has said alternatives now being considered ignore the will of voters. [nU8N1B401J][nL8N1BX4CB] “When politicians in Berne refuse to take the vote against mass immigration seriously, it will only lead to a shock like it did in America,” Blocher said. Blocher said Europe’s responses to immigration amid violent Islamist attacks in France, Belgium and Germany have helped populist political parties including France’s National Front, as well as the Alternative for Germany, gain traction. [nL4N1DA4PG] “They stand out because they are taking on problems the establishment refuses to tackle. One big question that you have to speak openly about is the immigration from Islamic countries. You can’t just tear down everybody who is critical of this.” ",politicsNews,"November 9, 2016 ",1
U.S. judge reverses order requiring vote recount in Michigan,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in Michigan on Wednesday revoked his order requiring a recount of the state’s presidential vote sought by Jill Stein, siding with a state appeals court that found the Green Party candidate had no grounds to mount the challenge. U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith’s ruling has the effect of halting the recount in Michigan, at least for now, following conflicting rulings a day earlier by federal and state appeals courts. The Michigan Court of Appeals on Tuesday ordered the recount stopped, while the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld Goldsmith’s earlier decision and said the process should proceed. The dueling rulings had both sides claiming victory but left the future of Stein’s bid unclear. Goldsmith, in deferring to the Michigan appeals court, said Stein had not presented valid reasons for him to override that court’s decision, which found that she was not an “aggrieved” candidate with standing to demand a recount. The Stein campaign said in a statement following Goldsmith’s ruling that it had appealed again, to the Michigan Supreme Court, and sought to disqualify two justices there because they had been mentioned by Republican President-elect Donald Trump as potential nominees to the U.S. Supreme Court. “In a huge victory for Michigan taxpayers and the rule of law, this recount is stopped,” Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette, a Republican who opposes the recount, said in a statement. In addition to Michigan, Stein is trying to have the votes from the Nov. 8 presidential election recounted in  Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. All three states were key to Trump’s victory.  The recounts are extremely unlikely to change the outcome of the election. But Stein, who got only about 1 percent of the vote, has said that they are necessary to ensure the integrity of voting systems.  Losing Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign has said it will take part in the recounts. Stein sued in federal court in Pennsylvania on Monday to try to force a statewide recount of presidential votes there. In a setback for Stein’s team, the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas on Wednesday denied a full forensic analysis of the city’s voting machines and their software. Stein’s team had argued that such an analysis was the only way to guarantee the accuracy of the city’s election results. “The court’s decision will deny voters the chance to know the truth about this election,” Ilann Maazel, lead counsel for Stein’s campaign recount effort in Pennsylvania, said in a written statement. ",politicsNews,"December 7, 2016 ",1
ANGRY COMMENTATOR THREATENS TRUMP: “Government’s gonna kill this guy” [Video],"Wow! Open threats that government will  kill  the president had to be clarified by Jake Tapper. BUT Please listen to this unhinged commentator on CNN and tell us the  Deep State  doesn t exist:I found the actual for video  You guys decide if this is okay or not. Change agents=threats. Words like this on National TV is not right. pic.twitter.com/dQKksW47ef  Bobby Axelrod   (@SirBobbyAxelrod) August 10, 2017These CNN commentators were discussing the fact that Putin fired embassy employees in Russia. We reported (see video below) that President Trump said it s fine that Putin fired the employees because it saves the U.S. money. These loose cannons went ballistic and said that government will  kill  him. Even if it s not literally to kill, it s still a very threatening message! The entire commentary is disturbing!Here s what the panel was referring to: This is priceless! President Trump just gave the best response ever to a reporter s question! He said he wanted to thank Russian President Vladimir Putin for reducing his payroll by firing U.S. embassy staff in Moscow. Hysterical and so quick! Watch how Trump doesn t skip a beat with his response:After Sanctions on Russia were put in place in July, Putin ordered 755 embassy personnel out of Russia.President Trump was asked today during a press conference what he thought of the firing. His response was quick and decisive. He said he wanted to thank Putin for the firing: No. I want to thank him, because we re trying to cut down on payroll. And as far as I m concerned, I m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll. He continued:  There s no real reason for them to go back. So I greatly appreciate the fact that they have been able to cut our payroll for the United States. We ll save a lot of money. THE TRUTH IS THAT THE CNN PANEL KNOWS NOTHING! THE TRUTH IS THAT MOST OF THESE EMPLOYEES ARE RUSSIAN!SOURCE: BBC",left-news,"Aug 11, 2017",0
 Former GOP Rep. Says Electing President Obama Was The ‘Greatest Act Of Racism’ In American History,"Republicans are trying so hard not to expose themselves as the racists they truly are. Now that their nominee for President of the United States is a proud and open bigot, other members of the GOP are concealing their own prejudices   or at least some are.Then you have some who just don t care, and are perfectly fine with exposing themselves as ignorant, bigoted whack jobs.Take former Republican Representative Joe Walsh. A one term member of Congress turned radio host, Walsh made a name for himself by being an outspoken critic of the Obama Administration, and went from being a self-described moderate to a full fledged Tea Partier. Now, we all know how heartless he was when he called on the Obama Admin. to secure the boarder with moats and alligators. But now he s exposed himself as truly one of the most backwards honking racists in the American political atmosphere.Yesterday, Walsh thought it would be a good idea to refer to the election of Barack Obama as the most racist event in American history:The single greatest act of racism in American history was the election of Barack Obama.People voted for him simply because he was black.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) June 26, 2016Yes, he actually said that. In his eyes, the election of the United States  first African-American president was more racist than the following: the Trail of Tears, slavery, Japanese internment, or Jim Crow. These are just some (but certainly not all) of the dark, racist brutalities committed in American history, and a middle-aged, white Republican man thinks Obama being elected by the will of the people is the most racist thing to happen.It s as if Republicans are trying to officially be the party of racism and sheer stupidity.And while Republicans go on and on about how Democrats don t respect the will of the people, they decide their best and brightest ought to insult the will of the American electorate, who decided to choose President Obama (twice), not because of his skin color, but because his ideas were better than McCain and Romney s.Republicans still have not managed to understand their own autopsy report from 2012, when minority voters delivered one hell of a wake up call to their hopes of taking back the White House. Instead of heeding the warning, they have decided to double down on the hopes that their precious white voters would ride in and save the day. It didn t work in 2012, it certainly won t work in 2016. And considering President Obama s approval rating is at a five year high of 56 percent, insulting his election as  racist  and insulting the intelligence of his voters certainly won t help make the GOP s case.This is a guy who accused Tammy Duckworth (who beat him in his reelection bid) of politicizing her war record and injuries sustained in combat. This is the guy who, after his term ended, attempted to forego paying child support because he was  unemployed.  This is the guy who thinks two national elections were decided simply because of a man s skin color.This is the face of the GOP.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",News,"June 27, 2016",0
"DEMOCRAT ALAN DERSHOWITZ Calls Out Court’s Ruling on Travel Order: If Obama had issued same ban, It would’ve been upheld [Video]", ,Government News,"Mar 20, 2017",0
"Charlottesville: Far Left vs Far Right Clashes, With One Person Dead","21st Century WireYesterday, violence broke out in Charlottesville, Virginia, when far-left direct action  group Antifa organized a flash mob to disrupt another demonstration organized by Unite the Right. At least one person was killed and many others injured after a car hit a crowd of anti-fascist protesters in an alley way off a the high street.Controversial right-wing coalition Unite the Right gathered on Saturday to protest to the planned removal of a statue of the Civil War Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a local park. They were met by hundreds of  counter-protesters  from extremist left-wing Antifa  antifascist  group who descended on the event. State riot police reinforcements and the Virginia National Guard were called into to quell any unrest, although it s clear they had no control over crowds   and numerous reports indicate that police actually stood down and allowed violence to take place. As police began to disperse protesters, hundreds of Antifa agitators were then funneled into the surrounding streets. This led to a three car, rear end pile-up in which the third and last car apparently struck a number of pedestrians, said to be Antifa protesters, leaving at least 1 dead and many more injured.Police have arrested the alleged driver of the third vehicle, 20 yr-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Maumee, Ohio. He is charged with second-degree murder for the alleged intentional running-over of street demonstrators and also failure to stop after being involved in a collision. It is not yet exactly clear whether or not the driver s actions were politically motivated.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke with RT International giving live commentary as the story broke  SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"August 13, 2017",0
"Collins says Senate healthcare bill needs ""major overhaul"" -MSNBC","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Susan Collins, a moderate who has opposed the Senate’s draft healthcare bill, said on Thursday the legislation needs a “major overhaul” and that it would be better to work with Democrats toward a compromise. “From my perspective, the bill needs a lot more than tweaking or tinkering around the edges,” Collins told MSNBC. “It needs a major overhaul.” Collins said she had conversations with several Democrats who are wiling to negotiate on healthcare but had been discouraged by their leadership from doing so. “But I hope after we get past this stage that we can sit down and negotiate a bill,” she said. ",politicsNews,"June 29, 2017 ",1
U.S.-backed forces in Syria's Raqqa say they take old city,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said on Friday it had taken the last districts in the old city of Raqqa from Islamic State, but the U.S.-led coalition which backs it could not confirm the report.  We declare to our people the liberation of the old city of Raqqa,  the SDF said in a statement.  The SDF has been battling to capture the former de facto capital of Islamic State s self-declared caliphate since June with backing from U.S.-led jets and special forces.  The walled old city lies in the heart of Raqqa but the jihadist group still holds important districts in the west of the city. The SDF said it now held 65 percent of Raqqa in total. A war monitor, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said it was not true that the SDF had fully captured the old city, but added that it did hold more than 90 percent of that area.  The coalition said it was not yet able to confirm the news.  We have not received confirmation of that through our channels,  coalition spokesman Colonel Ryan Dillon said.  ",worldnews,"September 1, 2017 ",1
CLEAR DISCRIMINATION: SNAP Still Gives Preference to Illegals Over American Citizens,"THE CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. Patty and I were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in DC. The main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is UNSUSTAINABLE They used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! This is why it is even more frightening that the feds are STILL giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to SNAP.CIS s David North gives us the low down:It s been six months since Donald Trump took office, and some families with illegal aliens get food stamps (the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) while identical all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income do not receive them.This is not a question of treating illegal aliens like other residents of this country, it is clear-cut discrimination against citizens and in favor of illegals.This long-standing (and peculiar) arrangement is the sort of thing that one would expect to be corrected by the third, if not the first, month of a new get-tough-on-illegal-immigration administration, such as that of the campaigning Donald Trump.I checked with the Department of Agriculture s Food and Nutrition Service this week, the $110 billion-a-year agency that runs food stamps and some other nutrition programs.Two questions were on my mind: 1) does the food stamp program still, under a particular set of circumstances, operate with this anti-citizen bias, and 2) has the Trump administration made an appointment of one or more outsiders to help run the agency?The answer to the second question came quickly: No, but there is a civil servant running the program on an acting basis who was placed in that job by the White House. Does an agency have to have a budget of, say, $200 billion a year before the administration notices its existence?It took a little longer to get the answer to the first question, because the nature of the discrimination is subtle and a lot of professionals in the welfare business do not want to make the distinction between legal and illegal residents of this country.Here s how the system works: Illegal aliens are not allocated food stamps, but if the family is mixed, with some citizens and some illegals, the mixed family still gets some benefits. States are allowed, to some extent, to pick and choose among benefit-determination methods. Most states have chosen a technique that does not record some of the earnings of illegal aliens, while always recording all the income of citizens.Let s look at the system as applied to two similar families who live in adjacent houses; both have incomes of $2,400 a month, both have the same assets, both families consist of a working male, his stay-at-home spouse, and their stay-at-home toddler. The only difference is that one of the men is a native-born citizen and the other is an illegal alien. Everyone else in the two households is a citizen.OK, so far. Now let s walk through Alice s special mirror, and see how the government handles the situation. It sees the three-citizen family as three people and says that $2,400 a month is too high an income for food stamps. It looks at the other family and sees it as a two-member family, because the man is an illegal, and then   here s the key   the government decides that only two-thirds of the family income should be counted, and that $1,600 is not too high for a family of two, hence the family with the illegal alien in it gets food stamps and the other family does not.There are bands of income in which this situation plays out with different sized families, giving benefits to some mixed families, and denying them to all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income. For more on these strange arrangements, see the CIS report  An Aid Program that Routinely Discriminates in Favor of Ineligible Aliens .That s the way it was under Obama, and after I explained the (admittedly bizarre) matter to the Food and Nutrition Service publicist, she told me that it remains that way under Trump.This story is symptomatic of two larger realities. Both the Obama and Trump administrations managed to conduct big immigration operations to their own liking; think of DACA with Obama, and, under Trump, the way that enforcement people were given the freedom to do their jobs.But Obama was much more successful in the minutia of immigration policy than Trump; for years I wrote about this little move to admit a small class of migrants, or that little move that prevented another subclass from being deported. We are not seeing that, or maybe not yet, with the Trump administration. You can t change policy, at least at the retail level, without people to write and push the new policies.So an unknown but substantial number of mixed (illegals plus citizens) families are getting food stamps when equally poor neighbors, who happen to be in all-citizen families, go hungry.Read more and please check out the CIS websiteJESSICA VAUGHAN OF CIS DISCUSSES EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF ILLEGALS UNDER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION:Please use this website as a resource for facts when it comes to immigration!",left-news,"Jul 22, 2017",0
Candidate Handel’s Excellent Response to Alexandria Shooter Calling Her A ‘Republican B**ch’," We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way,  she wrote.  Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree.    Georgia Congressional Candidate Karen HandelPLEASE NOTE THAT HANDEL AND DEMOCRAT JOHN OSOFF ARE IN A BATTLE THAT WILL TAKE PLACE ON JUNE 20TH IN THE 6TH DISTRICT GEORGIA RUNOFF   GET OUT AND VOTE HANDEL!IF YOU WANT TO DONATE TO KAREN HANDEL: DONATE HEREKaren Handel, the Republican candidate for Congress in Georgia s sixth district, on Wednesday afternoon addressed that morning s shooting at a Republican congressional baseball team practice.A gunman who police identified as James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Va., wounding five people including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R., La.). Hodgkinson had penned a Facebook rant against Handel last week. My thoughts are with the victims of this morning s despicable, unprovoked attack on the Republican congressional softball team,  wrote Handel, Georgia s former secretary of state.  Representative Scalise is a friend, and my heart goes out to him and his family. Steve and I wish him and the others wounded a speedy recovery. They remain in our thoughts and prayers. I also want to commend the heroic actions of the Capitol Police officers who clearly prevented today s attack from being a much bigger tragedy,  she wrote.Handel also addressed expletive comments that Hodgkinson made about her on social media.Hodgkinson posted an article about Handel to his Facebook, calling her a  Republican Bitch  who wants  People to Work for Slave Wages,  NBC affiliate WXIA reported. Republican Bitch Wants People to Work for Slave Wages, when a Livable Wage is the Only Way to Go! Vote Blue, It s Right for You!  Hodgkinson wrote on Facebook. I am aware that the suspect recently made vile comments about me on social media,  Handel said in her statement.  It also appears that the suspect targeted members of Congress specifically because he disagreed with their views. Hodgkinson s social media posts indicate he was a supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) and loathed President Donald Trump and Republican policies.Handel echoed calls by others, including House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), for bipartisan unity following the attack. We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way,  she wrote.  Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree. READ MORE: WFB",left-news,"Jun 14, 2017",0
"Sprint, OneWeb say 8,000 jobs announced by Trump are part of SoftBank pledge","PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday said telecommunications group Sprint Corp (S.N) and a U.S. satellite company OneWeb will bring 8,000 jobs to the United States, and the companies said the positions were part of a previously disclosed pledge by Japan’s SoftBank Group Corp. SoftBank (9984.T) holds stakes in both companies and its chief, billionaire businessman Masayoshi Son, earlier in December said he would invest $50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 jobs.  Sprint in January said it had cut 2,500 jobs as part of its plan to cut $2.5 billion in costs. On Wednesday it said it would create 5,000 jobs in areas including sales and customer care by the end of its fiscal year ending in March 2018. Sprint spokesman Dave Tovar said the jobs were part of the pledge made by Son but would be funded by Sprint. SoftBank and OneWeb had announced on Dec. 19 that the Japanese company was leading a $1.2 billion funding round. OneWeb plans to use the funds to build a plant in Florida to produce low-cost satellites, creating almost 3,000 jobs at the company and its suppliers. SoftBank described its $1 billion share of the funding as the first tranche of the $50 billion promised by Son in a meeting with Trump. It is not clear whether the $50 billion SoftBank investment would be part of a $100 billion tech investment fund that the head of SoftBank and Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund had announced earlier in the year. “I was just called by the head people at Sprint and they are going to be bringing 5,000 jobs back to the United States, they are taking them from other countries,” Trump told reporters outside his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. “And also OneWeb, a new company, is going to be hiring 3,000 people. So that’s very exciting,” he added. Shares of Sprint Corp, which is 82 percent owned by SoftBank, were barely changed in after-hours trading. ",politicsNews,"December 28, 2016 ",1
Rosenstein may need to recuse himself from Russia probe: ABC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has privately acknowledged he may need to recuse himself from matters relating to the Russia probe, given that he could become a potential witness in the investigation, ABC News reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.     ABC said Rosenstein told Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand she would have authority over the probe if he were to step aside. Rosenstein appointed special counsel Robert Mueller to investigate alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, and has told lawmakers he would only fire him with good cause. ",politicsNews,"June 16, 2017 ",1
Attorney General Sessions steps up anti-'sanctuary' rhetoric after setbacks,"(Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped up the Trump administration’s critique of so-called sanctuary cities on Tuesday, saying local and state policies to limit cooperation with immigration enforcement are a criminal’s “best friend.”  Sessions’ remarks, at a gathering of law enforcement authorities in Portland, Oregon, came days after repudiation of his stance against the sanctuary movement in separate actions by a federal judge in Chicago and the California legislature. The judge in Chicago on Friday barred the Justice Department from withholding public safety grants to cities unless they allowed U.S. immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and provided 48 hours’ notice before releasing individuals sought for deportation. On Saturday, California lawmakers voted to make California a sanctuary state, approving a bill barring local governments from forcing undocumented immigrants to spend extra time in jail just to allow immigration agents to take them into their custody. But under a compromise negotiated with Governor Jerry Brown, the bill allows local police to notify the federal government if they have arrested an undocumented immigrant with a felony record. It also allows immigration agents access to local jails. Sessions called on local jurisdictions that have sought to shield illegal immigrants from deportation efforts to reconsider, and he urged Brown not to sign the California bill into law. President Donald Trump and his administration have insisted that the deportation crackdown is aimed at illegal immigrants convicted of serious crimes, and that sanctuary measures contribute to rising crime. “Such policies undermine the moral authority of law and undermine the safety of the jurisdictions that adopt them,” Sessions said. “That makes a sanctuary city a trafficker, smuggler or gang member’s best friend.” He cited cases in Oregon and California in which illegal immigrants were charged with committing violent crimes after being arrested for relatively minor offenses by local police and then released, despite federal requests to keep them in custody. Sanctuary supporters counter that enlisting police cooperation in deportation actions undermines community trust in local law enforcement, particularly among Latinos, and they  question whether Trump is really targeting dangerous criminals. “We’re not soldiers of Donald Trump or the federal immigration service,” Brown said in a CNN interview on Tuesday. He called the measure passed by California’s legislature “a well-balanced bill.” Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler said in a letter to Sessions that Oregon state law dating back to 1987 prohibits state and local police from enforcing federal immigration law.    ",politicsNews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
BEGGIN’ MEGYN KELLY’S New Book Ripped To Shreads In Amazon Reviews…Karma!,"Megyn Kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on FOX News but is now crashing down in so many ways. Here s the latest epic failure She s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. What s even better is they re totally ripping her in the Amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).We d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit Ms. Kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.She literally used her position against Donald Trump to promote her book and career. Who knows if her accusations that Donald Trump screamed at her are true. How can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?We think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. Amazon is on fire with one star reviews for Kelly. We think she should rename her book  Settle for More  to  Settle for One Star Real, Raw Gimme a Break! ",left-news,"Nov 16, 2016",0
 Time Magazine Humiliates Trump After He Lies About Award,"Donald Trump isn t polling well in the readers  choice poll, getting his ass kicked in Time s Person Of The Year by Taylor Swift, the #MeToo movement, and the mayor of San Juan, the latter of which he has repeatedly targeted on Twitter. But that s different from Time Magazine s person of the year which is chosen by the editors. Trump did win last year, but it s one year after the election and he s the least popular president in the history of polling. So, President Liar Pants lied on Twitter about why he s not receiving the award. Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named  Man (Person) of the Year,  like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot,  he wrote.  I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named  Man (Person) of the Year,  like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 24, 2017No one is buying that excuse especially Time magazine. The President is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year,  the magazine wrote on its official Twitter account.  TIME does not comment on our choice until publication, which is December 6. The President is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year. TIME does not comment on our choice until publication, which is December 6.  TIME (@TIME) November 25, 2017Time s chief content officer, Alan Murray, also fired back at Trump from his own personal Twitter account. Amazing,  Mr. Murray wrote.  Not a speck of truth here Trump tweets he  took a pass  at being named TIME s person of the year. Amazing. Not a speck of truth here Trump tweets he 'took a pass' at being named TIME's person of the year https://t.co/D6SJgyTpcY  Alan Murray (@alansmurray) November 25, 2017In the following tweet, Murray called Trump s claim total bullshit.Total BS https://t.co/jrUPRbLCGQ  Alan Murray (@alansmurray) November 25, 2017In 2016, Trump called winning the 2016 award from the magazine a  tremendous honor. The former reality show star turned president was busted in June for hanging a photoshopped Time cover featuring himself   on the walls of at least four of his seventeen golf courses. The fake headlines touted his success. Trump has been grifting the U.S. since then with wild-eyed claims that only his cult-like supporters would believe.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",News,"November 24, 2017",0
ART OF WAR: What’s Behind Russia’s ‘Ides of March’ Military Drawdown in Syria?," Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.    Sun Tzu, The Art of War21st Century Wire asks What s behind Russia s decision to drawdown military support in Syria?  MAKING A DEAL    Putin making a strategic deal before the Geneva III talks. (Photo link theaustralian)This week Russia scaled back its military campaign against ISIS targets in Syria, after systematically directing months of successful airstrikes on terror groups within the embattled nation.Russia s partial departure and tenuous cease-fire in Syria, is a symbolic one, not only for the haunting  Ides of March  historical significance, but also because it marks the five-year anniversary of Syria s so-called  Arab Spring. When the campaign to topple Syrian leadership first began, we were told there was a legitimate grass-roots uprising sweeping across North Africa then through Middle East. The mainstream media gleefully exulted it s praise as an organic movement of change, widely hailed as the  Arab Spring . While the  Spring  was sold to the public as a large protest movement, it was proven to be a well orchestrated socially engineered political uprising used to gain a foothold over Syria   opening the door for Western intervention.Back in February, 21WIRE reported that ISIS jihadists were in fact fleeing from Syria, following the destruction of their operational bases within the country: Colonel Steve Warren of the US-led coalition said the terror group s leadership has shifted its base of operations from Syria and Iraq, into Libya after facing immense bombardment: We believe this failure is due to several factors, the first and foremost I believe is the presence of devastating coalition air power. The Whitehouse added that ISIS is also now seeking to send jihadist recruits into Libya instead of Syria and Iraq. While US leadership mentioned that devastating coalition air power  led to Syria s good fortune, it failed to directly discuss Russia s large role in silencing ISIS and other known militant fighting groups (some of who are still referred to by Washington as  moderate rebels ) through air campaigns of their own.To anyone paying attention to the battleground in Syria, the message was clear   Washington now fully acknowledges the eventual eradication of many ISIS fighters, leading US policy makers to rethink their regime change strategy.Recently, 21WIRE discussed a more cynical lens with which to view the cease-fire deal in Syria, noting that this peace agreement, could very well turn out to be a political ploy crafted by Pentagon war makers looking to re-arm militants in the region: This latest diplomatic development certainly appears positive on its surface, this week s declared  Syrian Ceasefire    a three-way agreement between Washington, Russia and the Syrian government (and begrudgingly by the West s other regional  stakeholders ) looks increasingly like it may just be the latest attempt to buy time   so that Washington, Turkey and Saudi Arabia can re-arm and replenish various militant fighting groups currently laying waste to Syria. Continuing, we see the West s failure following the loss of proxy militants and why this brokered deal is perhaps their only political play at the moment: The Washington-led Axis has gradually lost proxy-control of a number of key terrorist strongholds in Northern Syria, namely in Aleppo, and thus are unable to dictate crucial  facts on the ground  required to dictate the international media and political narratives. Unable to craft and package these narratives, the West and its dubious  coalition  are completely unable to sell an escalation of military violence in Syria. From a propaganda perspective, the latest military move by Russia has prompted policy makers at Western think-tanks to characterize the strategic decision as a sign of a rift between Putin and Assad   but as we ll see in the Sputnik News article below, the timing of the military drawdown has everything to do with the upcoming peace talk negotiations in Geneva.More from Sputnik below   ART OF WAR    Syria s struggles appear to move from the battlefield to the boardroom. (Photo illustration Shawn Helton of 21WIRE)Andrew KorybkoSputnik NewsThe Western and Mideast mainstream media are frenziedly spinning Russia s planned drawdown from Syria as a military defeat and a betrayal of its key ally, but just exactly who is betraying whom? President Putin announced that Russia will begin drawing down its military forces in Syria on 15 March, popularly known as the Ides of March and infamous for being the day that Emperor Julius Caesar was stabbed to death by his own allies.While it may have been chosen innocently enough, the date is rich with symbolism and is quite fitting in describing the changing dynamics that are presently at play in the Mideast.On this peculiar day of the year when things are typically not as they may initially seem to be, what s being popularly portrayed as a  defeat  and  betrayal  is anything but, while the ones doing the premature celebrating are ironically the very same forces that should be concerned the most.Nearly two millennia after the Ides of March were fatefully enshrined in history, it s no longer the Roman Emperor that s being betrayed by his allies, but the Turkish and Saudi ones that are being backstabbed by the US.The DrawdownPresidents Putin and Assad coordinated the decision to decrease the Russian troop presence in Syria, agreeing that the anti-terrorist operation had completed its stated aims of  combating terrorism and the restoration of security and stability to many regions in Syria .In particular, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu proclaimed that his country  carried out more than 9,000 flights  which contributed to  the Syrian troops liberating 400 towns and over 10,000 square kilometres of territory. The reader is encouraged to consult The Saker s latest article if they re interested in a detailed analysis of everything that Russia has accomplished thus far, but the present piece will now move on to describing the intent behind the drawdown and the contingency measures that are in place for defending Syria from any large-scale aggression against it.From the Battlefield to the Boardroom:Russia s announcement was timed to coincide with the resumption of the Geneva III talks and clearly carries with it the symbolic message that Moscow is doubling down on its diplomatic commitment in resolving the War on Syria.A de-jure partition is absolutely off the table and prohibited by UNSC Res. 2254, but there s a creeping fear among many that a de-facto one could occur if federalization is ever implemented.It s perhaps for this reason why the Syrian government and its people are currently not in favor of this approach, and for curious readers who are wondering exactly what could be so bad about federalization, the author welcomes them to read his earlier published research on the topic that s available at Russia s National Institute for Research of Global Security.After five and a half months of operation, Russia s anti-terrorist air operation has succeeded in the herculean task of bringing the War on Syria to its final logical phase, which is the protracted negotiation process that has just recommenced.The conflict has thus shifted from the battlefield to the boardroom, but in the lamentable event that foreign actors influence their political surrogates to sabotage the ongoing talks and reinitiate large-scale hostilities, Russia has a few back-up measures up its sleeve to make sure that Syria isn t left unsecured.More at Sputnik News READ MORE SYRIAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 21st Century Wire Syria Files ",US_News,"March 18, 2016",0
BREAKING: GUN USED BY 5 TIME DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIEN BELONGED TO FEDERAL AGENT,"Just another interesting discovery in a story that has already exposed a very corrupt government that favors illegal aliens over American citizens The gun used in the seemingly random slaying of a woman on a San Francisco pier belonged to a federal agent, a law enforcement official briefed on the matter said Tuesday.The official, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the case and spoke on condition of anonymity, said a police check of the weapon s serial number shows it belonged to a federal agent. The official declined to elaborate further.The San Francisco Police Department, which is investigating the case, declined to comment.The revelation was the latest dramatic twist in a tragic case that has become a new flashpoint in the country s debate over immigration policies.The suspected gunman, Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, has been deported to his native Mexico five times and is suspected of living in the United States illegally when Kathryn Steinle, 32, was gunned down last week while on an evening stroll with her father along San Francisco s popular waterfront area.Federal officials transferred Sanchez to San Francisco s jail in March to face a 20-year-old marijuana charge after Sanchez completed his latest prison term for illegally entering the country.The San Francisco sheriff, citing the city s  sanctuary city  policy, released Sanchez in April after prosecutors dropped the drug charge, despite an Immigration and Customs Enforcement request to hold him for federal authorities so deportation proceedings could begin.Sanchez pleaded not guilty Tuesday to first-degree murder.He told two television stations who interviewed him in jail that he found the gun used in Steinle s killing wrapped in a shirt on the pedestrian pier she was walking on. Sanchez said the gun went off in his hands, and his public defender, Matt Gonzalez, said Tuesday that the San Francisco woman s death appeared accidental. San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi has defended Sanchez s release and the city law requiring it to ignore ICE detainer requests. The sheriff said ICE could have obtained a warrant or court order to keep Sanchez in custody. ICE knew where he was,  Mirkarimi said Monday. He said he will continue to ignore ICE detainer requests.State and federal Republicans, meanwhile, said they would look into the matter.Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson, who chairs the Senate s homeland security committee, criticized federal officials and demanded to know why Sanchez was not deported. Does that make any sense to you?  Johnson demanded to know at a hearing Tuesday.  Because I ll tell you it doesn t make any sense to the American public. Republican state Sen. Jeff Stone said he would introduce legislation in Sacramento to require cities to comply with ICE detainer requests.At Sanchez s arraignment Tuesday, prosecutor Dianna Garcia argued against releasing Sanchez on bail, saying,  This was an act of random violence, shooting an innocent victim in the back. The judge set bail at $5 million, which Gonzalez said will keep Sanchez jailed pending trial.A downcast Sanchez spent most of the hearing with his head bowed, appearing to fight back tears while the judge explained the charged to him. Sanchez was aided by a Spanish-language interpreter and entered his plea in Spanish.Outside court, his attorney said Sanchez has a second-grade education and a non-violent criminal record.He could face life in prison if convicted.Via: FOX Carolina",left-news,"Jul 8, 2015",0
"Japan air force drills with U.S. bombers, stealth fighters near Korean peninsula","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese F-15 fighters on Tuesday held drills with U.S. B1-B bombers, F-35 stealth aircraft and F-18 multirole combat jets  above the East China Sea, south of the Korean peninsula, Japan s Air Self Defence Force (ASDF) said. The exercise was the largest in a series aimed at pressuring North Korea following its ballistic missile tests. The latest launch, on Nov. 29, featured a new missile type the North said could hit targets in the United States, such as Washington D.C.  The drill was meant to bolster joint operations and raise combat skills,  the ASDF said in a statement. Two U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers flew from Andersen Air Force Base on the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam, joined by six F-35s four F-18s and a tanker aircraft from U.S. bases in Japan.  The Japanese air force dispatched four F-15 jet fighters and a patrol aircraft. ",worldnews,"December 12, 2017 ",1
BOOM! It’s Payback Time For Gun-Grabbing Gov: GOP Works To Strip Him Of Armed Protection Detail,"Do you think our Gun Grabber In Chief should be next?Virginia state senator Bill Carrico (R-Dist. 40) is responding to Governor Terry McAuliffe s (D) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for McAuliffe s protection detail.Carrico said,  If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. McAuliffe has pushed numerous gun controls as governor and, in August, infamously pushed for expanding background checks after Virginia reporter Alison Parker had been shot on air. McAuliffe made the push for expanded background checks before the gunman who killed Parker had been caught and, therefore, before he had any knowledge of how the gunman acquired his gun. As it turned out, gunman Vester Lee Flanagan acquired his gun via a background check.Moreover, on October 15, McAuliffe issued an executive order banning the open carry of firearms in state buildings used by the Virginia executive branch and calling for enforcement to ensure that the only people  in the business  of selling guns in Virginia are those with a Federal Firearm License (FFL).Senator Carrico is responding to these things and more by trying to be sure McAuliffe does not have to be around guns at all if they bother him so much. According to the Bristol Herald Courier, Carrico said he will address this matter when the General Assembly convenes in January, saying:A lot of the governor s power is deferred to the General Assembly at that point and I ll be getting with my colleagues to circumvent everything this governor has done on this point. I have a budget amendment that I m looking at to take away his executive protection unit. If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 28, 2015",0
"SYRIA, NORTH KOREA: Trump’s “Axis of Evil” is Bigger and Better than the George Bush Version","Whitney Webb Mint PressBush s  Axis of Evil  speech in 2002 was precursor to disastrous invasion and regime change. Now once again, under Trump, that narrative has re-emerged   this time linking Syria with North Korea, based on allegations by unidentified parties regarding chemical weapons shipments.On Monday, Reuters published a widely circulated story based on a confidential United Nations report on North Korean sanctions violations. According to the report, which is not available to the general public, two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency responsible for the country s chemical weapons program had been intercepted.The report, according to Reuters, was authored by  a panel of independent UN experts  and investigates alleged dealings between a North Korean company and Syria s Scientific Studies and Research Center (SSRC), a government agency that oversaw the nation s chemical weapons program before the internationally-recognized destruction of that program took place in 2013.Notably, the 37-page document at no point gives details on when or where the interdictions occurred or details regarding what the shipments actually contained.The report further states that its account of the incident s occurrence is dependent on the testimony of two unidentified member states, which  interdicted shipments destined for Syria  and had  reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria.  KOMID is the Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation, a Pyongyang-based company the UN had previously cited  in 2009, when the UN Security Council had it blacklisted for its role in supporting North Korea s ballistic missile program   as a  primary arms dealer and main exporter of goods and equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons. North Korea is caught sending 'chemical weapons' to Syria amid concerns Kim Jong-Un and Assad are working together https://t.co/ectIj2JwN9  Daily Mail US (@DailyMail) August 22, 2017North Korea chemical weapons said intercepted en route to Syria https://t.co/wdjZOlgg8k via @timesofisrael #northkorea #syria  Gregory Smith (@GsmittySmith) August 22, 2017With their identities concealed, there is no way of knowing if these member states are among the countries that have actively been pushing for the removal of Syria s democratically-elected president Bashar al-Assad since the Syrian conflict began in 2011. In addition, another member state   a nation not involved in the seizure of the shipments   had  informed the panel that it had reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria.  It appears that the statement made by this member state s representative was given, by this ostensibly independent panel, the same weight normally reserved for concrete evidence.It also remains unclear how the SSRC was determined to be the recipient of the intercepted shipments, as the report simply states that  the consignees were Syrian entities designated by the European Union and the United States as front companies for  the SSRC. With only Reuters permitted access to this confidential report, there is no way to know who or what these entities are, as Reuters left them unnamed in its article.Furthermore, the composition of the UN panel itself is also unknown. Though Reuters stated that the panel was composed of  independent experts,  Reuters has also previously claimed that organizations such as the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) were objective in the Syrian conflict, even though the sole person behind the group is rabidly anti-Assad, pro-Western intervention, and reporting on Syria from Britain. Shielding the names of these  independent experts  from the public does little to lend credibility to the findings of this UN report.The North Korea-Syria arms connection narrativeThe North Korea-Syria arms trade  connection  is not new. This narrative first emerged earlier this year in April, when the Syrian government stood accused of using chemical weapons against civilians in Idlib   an event that was later roundly debunked by independent experts, including Professor Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and former scientist with the U.S. Department of Defense, Theodore Postol.At the time, several U.S. publications, including USA Today and Defense One, backed up their claims of sinister cooperation between the Syrian and North Korean governments by citing Professor Bruce Bechtol of Angelo State University, Texas. Both outlets described Bechtol as a  North Korea expert. But Bechtol s  evidence  cited in these reports   such as when he asserts that I would be stunned, I would be surprised, if the nerve agent allegedly used by the Assad regime on April 4 in the Idlib province was not supplied by North Korea    amounts to conjecture. Bechtol, who once worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency and has long-standing links to the Pentagon, had previously authored a 2015 research paperon the North Korea and Syrian partnership, in which he drew heavily on the CIA for his sweeping assertions regarding the two nations  alleged  long history  of collaboration in the production and development of chemical weapons.Bechtol s conclusions are undermined by data from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)   a recognized authority on the global weapons trade  shows that Syria has ordered weapons from North Korea only three times since 1990, twice in 1990 and once in 1996. In other words, Syria   according to SIPRI   has not made any purchases from North Korea in over 20 years.Given that arms deals with North Korea s government were legal until 2006 and deals with KOMID were legal until 2009, if the partnership was really so longstanding and prolific, why were there so few transactions between them in the years prior? The established facts hardly fit the picture of a supposedly booming North Korea-Syria arms trade.Creating the new  Axis of Evil Ultimately, the attempts to link North Korea to Syria s defunct chemical weapons program are meant to create a new  axis of evil  by associating one  evil dictator  with another. The  axis of evil  narrative, first coined by George W. Bush in 2002, has been central to the U.S.  demonization of  rogue  governments that fail to submit to the U.S.-dominated global order, of which the United Nations is part. This narrative has often been followed by the  evil dictator  label, as it was with Iraq and Libya   two of the countries comprising the original  axis of evil. Under Trump, the  axis of evil  is having a resurgence, a development that even mainstream media outlets like CNN have noted. With Iraq and Libya having been dealt with, Syria has joined the list and a concerted effort is now being made to link the remaining  evil dictators  to each other. By connecting North Korea to Syria s thoroughly demonized (though non-existent) chemical weapons program, the U.S. is building the momentum and the justification for the  preventative  invasions of these rogue states it has long sought to achieve   all the more determinedly now that its  superpower  status is being threatened as never before.***SEE MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"August 25, 2017",0
Former FBI chief Comey says confused by shifting explanations of his firing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI chief James Comey said on Thursday that he found the shifting explanations for why President Donald Trump had fired him both confusing and concerning. “When I was appointed FBI director in 2013, I understood that I served at the pleasure of the president,” Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee. “On May the ninth, when I learned that I was fired, for that reason, I immediately came home as a private citizen,” he said. “But then the explanations, the shifting explanations confused me and increasingly concerned me.”     ",politicsNews,"June 8, 2017 ",1
TUCKER AND GUTFELD’S Hilarious Take On Miley Cyrus Crying Over ‘Thank You Hillary’ Note: ‘They shouldn’t be treating her like Mrs. Claus’ [Video],"Tucker Carlson and Greg Gutfeld are great together in their take on Hillary s never-ending book tour and recent Jimmy Fallon appearance. They discussed Fallon segment where women nauseatingly fawned over Hillary Clinton and Miley Cyrus even cried while reading a thank you note to Clinton. In what was supposed to be a somewhat serious moment, you couldn t help but ask yourself if this was a skit that had a punchline at some point. NAUSEATING DISPLAY ON FALLON: Singer Miley Cyrus and female writers on NBC s  The Tonight Show  read  thank-younotes  to Hillary Clinton about her loss to Donald Trump and the pain it caused many of her supporters during her appearance on the program Wednesday. TRANSCENDING FIRST LADYHOOD ???Cyrus and the writers said Clinton  transcended first ladyhood  and referred to  all the work you ve done for public health care.  The main focus was on her loss to Trump and the psychological pain they associate with it  Cyrus was unable to contain her sobs Thank you, Hillary, for being a constant beacon of strength, hope, and determination for me and millions of other young women,  Cyrus said.  You ve been a role model and an inspiration and a voice of reason in uncertain times. I could go on and on, but I d like to get to the point,  she concluded.  Could I give you a hug? Tucker Carlson and Greg Gutfeld were spot on! IF YOU CAN MAKE IT THROUGH, HERE S THE SEGMENT THEY RE TALKING ABOUT:The laugh is hard enough to listen to!",politics,"Oct 6, 2017",0
"BREAKING: FBI Didn’t Record Hillary Interview, Didn’t Make Her Swear Under Oath To Tell Truth","No worries FBI Director James Comey is has assured everyone that Crooked Hillary told the truth. She s been lying and under criminal investigation for most of her adult life, and now we re supposed to believe that she is suddenly telling the truth? Hillary Clinton did not swear an oath to tell the truth before meeting with the FBI for three and a half hours last weekend, and the interview was not recorded, FBI Director James Comey told House lawmakers on Thursday.The lack of a sworn oath does not remove the possibility of criminal penalties against Clinton if she lied to the FBI, though he said he had  no basis to conclude  that she was untruthful. Still a crime to lie to us,  Comey told the House Oversight Committee. FBI policy is not to record interviews as part of its investigations.Yet the revelations will nonetheless raise questions among Republicans, who have been skeptical of the FBI s investigation and have demanded to see the transcript of the former secretary of State s interview in downtown Washington on Saturday. Well, that s a problem,  Rep. John Mica (R-Fla.) told Comey when the FBI chief explained the terms of the interview. It s pretty clear   that the American people would like to see what Hillary Clinton said to the FBI,  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters on Wednesday, a day before Comey s appearance before House lawmakers.Under FBI policy   and to the dismay of civil libertarians and staunch transparency advocates   the bureau does not conduct electronic recordings of interviews. Under the current policy, agents may not electronically record confessions or interviews, openly or surreptitiously  except in rare circumstances, the bureau said in a 2006 memo.The FBI did, however, complete a federal form summarizing the interview, known as an FD-302, Comey said.Comey himself was not among the  five or six  agents who interviewed Clinton, he testified on Thursday. But he assured lawmakers that Clinton told the truth throughout the session.Via: The Hill",politics,"Jul 7, 2016",0
Mnuchin expects US tax bill to be in congressional committees later this month,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday he expects President Donald Trump’s tax plan to be considered by congressional committees later this month. “We have a plan. The plan’s being socialized with members,” Mnuchin told reporters on Air Force One after Trump touted tax reform in a speech in North Dakota. “Our expectation is it will be in the committees later this month,” Mnuchin said. ",politicsNews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
 Elijah Cummings Called Trump Out To His Face And Here’s The Pathetic Way Trump Tried To Spin It,"Buried in Trump s bonkers interview with New York Times reporters Maggie Haberman and Glenn Thrush is this outrageous exchange Trump claims happened recently:TRUMP: [U.S. Representative] Elijah Cummings was in my office and he said,  You will go down as one of the great presidents in the history of our country. HABERMAN: Really?TRUMP: And then he went out and I watched him on television yesterday and I said,  Was that the same man? Which  would have been odd considering Cummings, a fiery Democratic congressman, has been one of Trump s most intense critics. He s very public about it. Cummings has been outspoken about Trump s disturbing connections to Russia, the GOP s botched attempts to cover those connections up, and has repeatedly demanded Trump divest himself of his numerous conflicts of interest. He hardly sounds like a person who has looked at Trump s trainwreck first three months in office and concluded that he deserves to be up on Mount Rushmore.One theory was that Trump flatly lied. Always a possibility   Trump is a pathological liar. Another, suggested by writer Jamelle Bouie, is that Trump mixed up two black men, conflating Cummings with some other guy. Another strong possibility   Trump has shown a complete lack of interest in the lives of black Americans.Fortunately, Cummings came in to provide the real answer: Trump took a criticism Cummings has made to his face and filtered it through his unchecked narcissism. Here s how Cummings describes the meeting Trump said was about praising him: During my meeting with the president and on several occasions since then, I have said repeatedly that he could be a great president if   if   he takes steps to truly represent all Americans rather than continuing on the divisive and harmful path he is currently on. Note the jab that Trump completely missed? IF Trump stops being  divisive and harmful  he could someday be a great president. So far he has not done so. Hasn t even tried. (As if to underscore how little Trump has tried to stop being divisive, in the same interview he defended Bill O Reilly for sexually harassing women at Fox News.)Unintentionally, Trump s bizarre retelling of what went down during his meeting with Cummings exemplifies the warped way Trump sees the world. A criticism turns into praise, stripping away all context in the process. It may explain, for example, why Trump seems to genuinely believe he saw Muslim Americans celebrating on 9/11. His ego filters everything, facts get distorted and retooled for his own agenda.The fact that we have a president who does not seem to understand the difference between reality and the fantasy world that exists in his head is a recipe for disaster. If meetings with a congressman get this distorted, what other delusions is Trump living in?Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"April 6, 2017",0
South Africa's Ramaphosa picks female science minister as deputy in ANC race: media,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a leading contender to become head of the ruling ANC in December, has named science and technology minister Naledi Pandor as his running mate, local media reported on Sunday. The race to replace President Jacob Zuma at the helm of the African National Congress is heating up amid mounting allegations of graft against Zuma, who consistently denies wrongdoing. His successor will be the ANC s presidential candidate in 2019, when Zuma will step down as head of state. Ramaphosa has been under pressure to pick a female running mate as gender equality is a key ANC policy goal and his main challenger is Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a veteran politician, former African Union head and Zuma s ex-wife. Eyewitness News and the Mail & Guardian newspaper reported on their websites that Ramaphosa made the announcement that Pandor would be the ANC deputy presidential candidate on his ticket during a rally in the northern province of Limpopo.        It s a smart move. Pandor s smart and she does not appear tainted by any corruption allegation nor is she close to either the Zuma or Ramaphosa camps. And as a woman, she ticks a number of boxes that make a lot of sense,  said Gary van Staden, a political analyst with NKC African Economics.   Pandor is an articulate technocrat with a professorial manner who has also done a stint as education minister. Her spokesman could not immediately confirm the reports and said Pandor was traveling to Jordan for a science conference.  Ramaphosa s camp could not immediately be reached for comment.  ",worldnews,"November 5, 2017 ",1
HILLARY LIES AGAIN…She’s NOT The First Female Presidential Nominee …She’s Not Even the First Female COMMUNIST Nominee …Here’s PROOF,"What a role model for women and young girls, a presidential candidate who has one foot in prison and the other on the campaign trail That Hillary If she s not lying she s never mind, she s probably lying  Clinton is merely the first woman to earn a major party nod   but she follows these party standard-bearers who also tried to break the ultimate glass ceiling:1872: Equal Rights Party, Victoria WoodhullNearly 50 years before women earned the right to vote, Victoria Woodhull headlined a progressive all-star ticket, running with former slave and abolitionist leader Fredrick Douglass. Woodhull s agenda was well ahead of the Reconstructionist times; the newspaper editor turned Presidential nominee championed suffrage, civil rights and free love   which is a radical threesome.1888: Equal Rights Party, Belva LockwoodLockwood was born in a log cabin and the first woman to argue a case before the Supreme Court, but her bootstraps story didn t impress some wags of the day.  Old lady Lockwood,  the Atlanta Constitution warned, would subject the country to  petticoat rule.  She got 4,100 votes in an age when half the electorate   women   still could not vote and most blacks were still disenfranchised.1940: Surprise Party, Gracie AllenLike Donald Trump s candidacy, what began as a joke between comedian Gracie Allen and her husband and show time side-kick George Burns, soon became a national amusement. Allen, who s political slogan was  Down with common sense, vote for Gracie  and vowed to resolve the California-Florida boundary dispute, seized the nation s attention with a series of campaign stops and satirical policy platform. It s estimated that she received 42,000 votes in November.1968: Communist Party USA, Charlene MitchellMitchell, a card-carrying member of the CPUSA from age 16, was the first African-American woman to be nominated for president. The ticket, which made it onto only two state ballots, received just over 1,000 votes.1972: Socialist Worker s Party, Linda JennessAt age 31, Jenness could not have actually served if she had been elected   but that was part of the point.  We think that constitutional requirement is ridiculous,  Jenness said.  Turning 35 does not make you a genius, politically, as so many of our politicians have proven.  Jenness was an outspoken anti-war candidate and vocal critic of rival nominees, the Republican Richard Nixon and Democratic George McGovern.1976: People s Party, Margaret WrightThe World War II shipyard worker featured in the 1980 documentary  The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter  fronted the People s Party ticket, a coalition of various socialist and anti-war organizations. The party received 49,016 votes, or .06% of the national total.1980: Right to Life Party, Ellen McCormackMcCormack s single-issue candidacy brought the pro-life agenda to the nation s attention. After a successful run as a Democrat that earned her 238,000 primary votes and raised over $500,000 in campaign contributions, McCormack s 1980 campaign received 32,000 votes in the three states in which she qualified.  I think we are teaching working mothers it is more prestigious to work than be home with their children,  the self-described housewife once said.1984: Citizens Party, Sonia JohnsonFor entire list go here: NYDaily News ",politics,"Jun 9, 2016",0
New Senate healthcare plan keeps Obamacare-era taxes on wealthy: Senate source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The revised U.S. Senate healthcare plan will keep in place two Obamacare taxes on the wealthy and retain its limit on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry, a Senate source told Reuters on Thursday.  The taxes on the wealthy - a 3.8 percent net investment tax and a 0.9 percent payroll tax that helps finance Medicare - apply to individuals with incomes above $200,000 and married couples making more than $250,000.  ",politicsNews,"July 13, 2017 ",1
"OBAMA FLOODS America With Illegal Aliens, Muslim Refugees, While Veteran Under VA Care Dies With Maggot-Infested Wound","Four employees at an Oklahoma Department of Veterans Affairs facility have resigned after a resident with a maggot-infested wound died while under their care.Vietnam veteran Owen Reese Peterson, 73, initially came to the Talihina Veterans Center with an infection, but ended up with sepsis and died on Oct. 3.Sepsis is a potentially life-threatening complication of an infection that can damage the internal organs, causing them to fail.Peterson had apparently been at the facility for just a few weeks, and the time frame between the gruesome discovery of the maggots and his death is unclear. He did not succumb as a result of the parasites,  Executive Director Myles Deering told the Tulsa World.  He succumbed as a result of the sepsis. A physician s assistant and three nurses, including the director of nursing, resigned in the wake of the investigation, said Shane Faulkner, a spokesman for the ODVA. All four chose to resign before the termination process began,  Faulkner said.   WND ",politics,"Dec 6, 2016",0
Democrats urge EPA not to reopen vehicle fuel efficiency rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and 11 other Democrats said on Tuesday it was “critical” that the Trump administration leave in place new vehicle fuel efficiency rules, saying the higher standards were achievable.  Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, is expected to announce as early as this week the reopening of a review of the rules that were set by the Obama administration for the 2022-2025 period. Automakers say the changes, which would raise the fleet average fuel efficiency to more than 50 miles per gallon by 2025 from 27.5 mpg in 2010, will impose significant costs and are out of step with consumer preferences. They argue they need more flexibility to meet the rules amid low gas prices. Environmentalists, who favor the new standards, say they would reduce fuel costs and greenhouse gases and have vowed to sue if the Trump administration weakens them. “These automobile emissions standards are economically feasible and technologically achievable for the auto industry,” the Democratic senators, including Edward Markey of Massachusetts and former presidential candidate Bernard Sanders of Vermont, wrote in a letter to Pruitt. “It is critical that they remain in place.” EPA spokeswoman Cathy Milbourn declined to comment on the letter “since the agency has not announced how it will proceed on the vehicle emission standards.” The White House also declined to comment. Trade groups representing automakers, including General Motors Co (GM.N), Ford Motor Co (F.N) and Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), have asked the EPA to withdraw the rules, which stem from a 2011 deal the industry reached with the U.S. government. The chief executives of GM, Ford, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI), along with the top North American executives at Toyota, Volkswagen, Honda, Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) and others separately have urged President Donald Trump to revisit the decision. The Obama administration in 2011 said the changes would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles and cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years. In July, the EPA estimated the fleet would average 50.8-52.6 mpg in 2025 because Americans were buying more SUVs and trucks. It had until April 2018 to decide whether the standards were feasible under a “midterm review,” but moved up its decision to a week before President Barack Obama left office. The EPA is also considering taking steps to reverse California’s waiver under the Clean Air Act that allows it to set its own vehicle greenhouse gas emissions standards. California has repeatedly vowed to vigorously contest any efforts to withdraw its authority, and in January the state hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to represent it. At the Geneva auto show, Fiat Chrysler Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne told reporters he opposed the Obama administration’s decision to finalize the rules. “We have simply asked that the case be reopened to understand what the consequences would be of the norms introduced five years ago,” Marchionne said, adding that he expects to “see a positive reply in the coming days” from the Trump administration. ",politicsNews,"March 7, 2017 ",1
WOW! AMERICANS ARE STUNNED When Mom Is Caught On VIDEO Encouraging Young Child To Help Gang of Thugs Destroy Police Car In St. Louis,"ST. LOUIS   Former St. Louis police Officer Jason Stockley was found not guilty Friday of murdering a man while on duty.St. Louis Circuit Judge Timothy Wilson s highly anticipated verdict found the white former St. Louis police officer not guilty of first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the December 2011 shooting death of a black drug suspect after a high-speed pursuit and crash.Immediately after the verdict was issued, protesters gathered downtown near Tucker Boulevard and Market Street. They blocked a ramp to Interstate 64 off Clark Street, but were blocked by police from entering the highway. Protesters then headed to police headquarters.Christina Wilson, the fiance of the victim Anthony Lamar Smith,  bravely stood in front of a microphone prior to the court s announcement and asked for protesters to not resort to violence.Inspired by your courage, Christina. Honored to stand with you and call for peace in #STL. https://t.co/ucUlKuWorO pic.twitter.com/4HjKvPtIwJ  Eric Greitens (@EricGreitens) September 15, 2017Christina Wilson s plea for peace is reminiscent of Martin Luther King Jr. Her words obviously fell on deaf ears for the thugs seen in this video who appear to be caught up in the  party  atmosphere and only appear to be looking for an opportunity to destroy someone else s property. The video below is disturbing on so many levels. While the people in the video appear to be only interested in the party atmosphere that surrounds them, one person, in particular, has caught the attention of viewers on social media and shined a light on what it looks like when children raise children in America. Watching this mother pushing her child to commit a felony, while teaching her to hate the very people who risk their lives every day to protect them, is disturbing, and possibly one of the saddest videos we have ever posted on our website.Watch:Police are sharing video of people damaging a police car during a demonstration after the Stockley ruling. https://t.co/LsNkTZJ7wI pic.twitter.com/OHy4kArcle  FOX2now (@FOX2now) September 16, 2017",politics,"Sep 15, 2017",0
HOUSE ISSUES SUBPOENAS for Key Obama Administration Officials: Unmasking the Unmaskers [Video],"Finally! Remember when Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. ? Well, they just dealt with Susan Rice Susan Rice and former CIA Director John Brennan have been subpoenaed by the House Intelligence Committee for information related to the  unmasking  of the Trump campaign team and others Can you believe it? Will we finally have justice?We know that Susan Rice was a key player in this unmasking and John Brennan is as slippery as they come. Remember how he lied to Congress? Yes, these are the people we re dealing with. Let s hope they finally get to the bottom of SOMETHING The Washington Examiner reports:The House Intelligence Committee has issued seven subpoenas as part of its ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 elections, including one seeking information about Obama s former national security adviser Susan Rice, and her activities related to intelligence documents that named members of the Trump campaign.The Journal s report said the intelligence-related subpoenas are to  seek information on requests  for the unmasking of names by Susan Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan, and United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power.Having subpoenas directed at former members of the intelligence committee could show that Republicans have strengthened their resolve to track down leaks from within the intelligence gathering agencies, such as the leak that described the contents of a phone call between Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak.Susan Rice has been a target on the unmasking for some time so this should be very interesting. Let the games begin!FLASHBACK: SUSAN RICE REFUSES TO TESTIFY: Susan Rice just announced she won t testify before the Senate on the Russian hacking.Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. She gave a very flimsy excuse for not testifying via her lawyer:Rice considered the invitation a  diversionary play  to distract attention from the investigation into Russian election interference, including contacts between Trump allies and Russians during the campaign, the source said.That s ridiculous! Could it REALLY be that she doesn t want to testify under oath? Ya think!According to CNN, Barack Obama s national security adviser turned down a request from Sen. Lindsey Graham to participate in the hearing. Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter (SEE BELOW) that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses,  Rice s lawyer Kathryn Ruemmler wrote in a letter to Graham.  Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify. Rice was the administration official who made the dozens of requests seeking to unmask the identities of Trump associates, which she said were for national security reasons and not politically motivated Read more: Daily Caller",politics,"May 31, 2017",0
 Idiot Donald Trump Supporter Confronts Ted Cruz And It Gets Ugly REALLY Fast (VIDEO),"It s a pretty well-known fact among those who use their brains to make rational decisions that both Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are equally repugnant, but for different reasons (and some of the same reasons). They are both extremely bad choices for the United States, and neither should ever set foot in the Oval Office. Both are war hawks, both are anti-immigrant, which is ironic considering Ted Cruz is and immigrant and so is Trump s wife, and both men don t have any real plans to put in place that would actually be good for the nation.Trump is a bully with zero experience, and Cruz is a smarmy salesman with the bare minimum of experience. So, when watching a Trump supporter confront Ted Cruz in Indiana, it wasn t exactly a meeting of the minds. It was Cruz going after Trump, and Trump s supporter shouting short bursts of propaganda that have been continuously repeated by the Trump campaign.The video is extremely awkward to watch, but at the same time you can t look away. It truly is that much of a disaster.My favorite line from the whole skirmish is when Cruz says: With all respect, Donald Trump is deceiving you, playing you for a chump. It s funny, because it s true, but also ironic, since Cruz is also playing everyone for a fool as well. Cruz s remarks were met with a bunch of random  Lyin  Ted  shouts from the Trump minion, along with  Indiana don t want you  and  where is your Goldman Sachs jacket?  clearly unaware he s supporting a big money tycoon himself.Here s a quick highlight from the unsettling confrontation:.@TedCruz asks @realDonaldTrump supporter to name 1 thing he likes about Trump, debates: https://t.co/d9vqjyz05i https://t.co/Njey71niBN  CBS News (@CBSNews) May 2, 2016But if you really want to watch the whole thing, you can check out the near nine minutes here:All in all, it makes for great TV, but it s horrifying that this is what the Republican party has come down to. No matter who, vote blue.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"May 2, 2016",0
 The Internet Loses It Over RNC’s Bizarre Statement About A ‘New King’ (TWEETS),"The Republican National Committee released a bizarre Christmas statement comparing president-elect Donald Trump to a  King.  We can recall all those times conservatives mocked our president, calling him  King Obama  so the irony is not lost on anyone. Over two millennia ago, a new hope was born into the world, a Savior who would offer the promise of salvation to all mankind,  RNC chairman Reince Priebus and co-chair Sharon Day wrote in the statement.  Just as the three wise men did on that night, this Christmas heralds a time to celebrate the good news of a new King. We hope Americans celebrating Christmas today will enjoy a day of festivities and a renewed closeness with family and friends.  (my emphasis)Some conservatives on Twitter defended the statement saying it was referring to Jesus, but most people did not. The odd wording that was used seems to indicate the RNC is referring to Trump. Or they re just trolling us.good lord https://t.co/9etYehnJux pic.twitter.com/srSegSWBoq  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) December 25, 2016In defense of the statement:Every year we welcome the arrival of our King, whose name is Jesus.  Justin Green (@JGreenDC) December 25, 2016Most Twitter users felt otherwise:#GOPChristmasMessage either blasphemy or crowning Trump king of America. Either way disturbing. https://t.co/BtFGTRF4Yf  Jim Gonyea (@JimGonyea) December 25, 2016The alternate take would be that the GOP feels Trump is the equal of Jesus.  Jim Gonyea (@JimGonyea) December 25, 2016GTFO pic.twitter.com/HQvhOK0RDt  Nita Chaudhary (@nitalovesmiles) December 25, 2016No joke This line is actually in the RNC s Christmas message: https://t.co/1FC34M6okt pic.twitter.com/pOIoalVHoz  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) December 25, 2016This. Is. Utterly. Bonkers.  This Christmas heralds a time to celebrate the good news of a new King  https://t.co/zCLqvNTcp2 pic.twitter.com/P1ZKFJWAIF  Mike Dudas (@mdudas) December 25, 2016@reince & @rnc should apologize for using Christmas to compare @realDonaldTrump to Jesus & calling him a  new king https://t.co/ZLiumKEypX pic.twitter.com/exGn0rpdwR  John Aravosis (@aravosis) December 25, 2016Context matters:@NYCCKB @aravosis @Reince @RNC @realDonaldTrump i agree the new king refers to Christ but context matters and this is truly gross  Lauren B (@laurenbraden) December 25, 2016The rest of the statement calls for compassion of those around us. Even as we celebrate, we must also remember those among us who are less fortunate. Many on this day are without hope, and need the kindness and compassion of those around them. It is our prayer we will rise to meet the material, emotional, and spiritual needs of individuals all around us, and what better day is there to love our fellow man than today?,  it reads. As we open presents, enjoy Christmas dinner, and celebrate our own family traditions, we are mindful of our men and women in uniform. Many are stationed around the world today protecting our freedoms, and cannot be with their own spouses, children, parents, and siblings,  the message continues.  We express the deepest gratitude for service that takes them away from celebrating with loved ones, and we ought to remember them in our thoughts and prayers not just on Christmas Day, but the whole year round. By compassion, they mean they ll take away healthcare from Americans who cannot afford it, lower taxes for the wealthy, and go after Medicare, Medicaid and welfare.Merry Christmas!Photo by Alex Wong via Getty.",News,"December 25, 2016",0
NOT-SO-SLICK WILLY: Bill Clinton Tries To Joke Around About Hillary’s E-mail Scandal…Not Funny [Video], ,politics,"Sep 14, 2016",0
"#BoycottPenzeys: HATEFUL, DIVISIVE Penzeys Spice Co. Owner Threatens Trump Supporters…Brags About Increased Sales Since Calling All Trump Supporters “Racists”","Bill Penzey, the owner of Penzeys Spices, wrote two separate letters on the Penzeys Spices Facebook page, accusing all Trump s voters of openly embracing racism. Isn t it funny how liberals think they can use the most hateful and divisive language against fellow Americans, then excuse their open hate as an act of  love  or unity?  We re asking Trump supporters and anyone who disagrees with a company owner calling half of America racists  to BOYCOTT Penzeys Spices. (List of states where Penzeys Spice stores are located can be found below)Here is an excerpt from his first letter:Please give us a moment to share something we hope you will find very valuable.Our customers come from all walks of life. The kindness of cooks knows no borders or divides. In the aftermath of the election, seeing the intentional damage inflicted on so many outside the white heterosexual male world, we raised our voice. We felt we had to. We did this because we are Penzeys. The Spice business is so intertwined with history that it s not really possible to have one without the other. It became clear to us that we are now in a moment history will long have its eyes upon. For the sake of our customers, and for the sake of future generations, we felt the time had come to stand on the right side of history.And while the reasons for why we took a stand might be specific to our unique outlook, what we learned actually applies to all commerce in the United States. What we learned is that President-elect Donald Trump has no real support. Voters, sure, but no constituency. Running a campaign on  that horrible-terrible-woman who should be locked up,  while at the same time working to raise fear of minorities among white voters with limited access to education, clearly achieved its goal. But none of it left Americans with any sense of connection to the candidate they actually voted for.Willing to take a hit for what is right, we did what we did. In the two weeks since, online sales are up 59.9%, gift box sales up 135%. And we didn t have a catalog arrive in this window this year, while last year we had 1.1 million! Yes, maybe for the moment we have lost 3% of our customers because of the so-called  right wing firestorm.  And, yes, they send emails of rage, and ALL CAPS, and bad language with the hope of creating the perception that they are bigger than they really are. But what we learned is that, in terms of retail spending, Donald Trump simply has no one supporting his views for America. He has no constituency.In this moment there is finally the real chance to unite our nation in our shared rejection of sexism, homophobia, and racism. This is your chance to stand up for America s values and make January a tent pole in your company s history. Opportunities to do the right thing at the time when doing the right thing makes all the difference come once in a lifetime. Make your history proud.For entire letter, see Facebook post below:",politics,"Dec 2, 2016",0
Trump administration reviewing Cuba policy: White House spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is in the midst “of a full review of all U.S. policies towards Cuba,” with a focus on its human rights policies, as part of a commitment to such rights for citizens throughout the world, a White House spokesman said on Friday. White House spokesman Sean Spicer made the comment during a press conference in response to a question about whether the administration of President Donald Trump planned any policy changes toward Cuba.  ",politicsNews,"February 3, 2017 ",1
"A MUST WATCH VIDEO: STEVE BANNON “If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken.”",Steve Bannon gets it He knows what s going on with all of the fuss with Trump. The press and politicians are doing their best to bring him down.Bannon knows the deep state and all of the evil within government. He knows we re in trouble in America and need to take our Country back.Please go to the 16:00 point and hear Bannon speak about the evil that is in Washington: It s not only not going to get better It s going to get worse ,politics,"May 17, 2017",0
TPP countries consider amendments to stalled trade deal: sources,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The 11 countries committed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership are considering amendments to the trade deal, three sources said on Tuesday, as officials meet in Sydney for talks to re-energize the stalled agreement. Among the areas being discussed, Vietnam has raised the prospect of changes to labor rights and intellectual property (IP) provisions in the original pact, one source familiar with the talks told Reuters. Vietnam had been one of the countries expected to enjoy the biggest economic benefits from TPP through greater access to U.S. markets. However, the original 12-member TPP, which aims to cut trade barriers in some of Asia s fastest-growing economies, was thrown into limbo in January when U.S. President Trump withdrew from the agreement. Trump s move fulfilled a campaign pledge to put  America first  - a policy that aimed to bring manufacturing jobs back to the United States. Although the remaining members have publicly said they remain committed to the deal, implementation of the agreement linking 11 countries with a combined GDP of $12.4 trillion has stalled - raising fears that other countries will follow the  U.S. lead and withdraw. Eager to keep all members onboard, representatives from the remaining countries are considering changes to the original TPP deal, three sources familiar with the talks said.  We re all open to evaluating what we can do and what viable alternatives there may be,  Edgar Vasquez, Peru s deputy trade minister, told Reuters. While no agreement is expected at the end of the three-day meeting, Vietnam s desire to shelve the IP provisions around pharmaceutical data is likely to win broad support, with Japanese and New Zealand officials also indicating their support for the change, two other sources said. The original TPP agreement was seen as particularly onerous on Vietnam, which be forced to make significant reforms, analysts said.  There s not much sense to agree to provisions they don t really want such as stronger monopolies on medicines if they are not going to get access to the U.S. market,  said Patricia Ranald, research associate, University of Sydney. The original TPP offered an eight-year window before competitors can have access to proprietary pharmaceutical data, which critics said would impede development of cheap generics.  Potential amendments, however, require delicate positioning.  While Trump has said he will not change his mind on TPP, the remaining members are hopeful a future U.S. president will commit to the agreement, a cornerstone of former President Barack Obama s pivot to Asia. But analysts said wholesale changes, while ensuring the support of smaller members, would repel the United States.  The more you change the agreement, it is going to be harder to get the U.S. to sign on when it is ready to,  said Shiro Armstrong, research fellow at the Crawford School of Economics in Canberra. ",worldnews,"August 29, 2017 ",1
CIA INSPECTOR: “Hillary endangered lives” FORMER JUDGE: Hillary Is A “Prime candidate for prosecution”,"Poor Hillary, she s always the victim of some Right-Wing conspiracy When members of Congress are not allowed to see the contents of the emails Hillary had on her private UNSECURED server that s a pretty big deal!The government intelligence in Hillary Clinton s private emails as secretary of state is sometimes considered so sensitive that some congressmen have been hindered in their ability to even read them, a new report Thursday says.The material in the emails is classified at a level above  top secret,  Fox reported, meaning that some lawmakers have been required to sign new agreements not to reveal their contents. The situation highlights the sensitivity of the information that is being pored over, despite Clinton s long habit of downplaying their significance.A level above  top secret  is considered subject to  special access programs,  requiring the additional security because of the increased sensitivity.Congressional reviewers who scoured the SAP information in Clinton s emails already had Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented clearance   the highest level of security clearance   but were required to sign extra non-disclosure agreements.Last week, Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III wrote senior lawmakers to advise them that  several dozen  additional classified emails have been identified   including specific intelligence from special access programs. In a later interview with National Public Radio, Clinton downplayed the IG letter and claimed it was politically biased.  This seems to me to be, you know, another effort to inject this into the campaign, it s another leak,  she told the network.  I m just going to leave it up to the professionals at the Justice Department because nothing that this says changes the fact that I never sent or received material marked classified. Via: UK Daily Mail",left-news,"Jan 21, 2016",0
"Ryan says U.S. tax reform consensus nears, does not mention border tax","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday that tax reform talks are nearing a consensus to lower business taxes by closing loopholes and special interest deductions, the latest sign that the unpopular proposed border tax may not be included. Speaking at a New Balance shoe factory in Massachusetts, Ryan stressed the need to “level the playing field” for U.S. companies and their foreign competitors but failed to mention the border adjustment tax, or BAT, which has been his main policy for creating a more competitive U.S. manufacturing base. Ryan’s remarks, coming about a week ahead of an end-of-July deadline for top White House officials and Republican leaders in Congress to agree on a tax reform framework, could indicate that President Donald Trump’s promised tax code overhaul is taking on a more orthodox shape after months of closed-door talks. Republicans in the House of Representatives had billed the BAT as a more effective way to pay for tax cuts than closing loopholes, because it would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade by effectively taxing imports while exempting exports from taxation.   “We are going to slash the corporate tax rate to level the playing field and the business tax rate for all businesses,” Ryan told his audience. “So what we need to do is, we need to throw out those complicated loopholes, those deductions, those special interest loopholes,” he added.   Ryan said cutting the corporate tax rate from a current 35 percent rate to a 20 percent corporate rate is “very realistic.” Administration officials have said negotiators realize Trump’s proposed 15 percent corporate rate is unlikely without expanding the federal deficit.  White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday that Republicans should be willing to accept “short-term increases on deficits” for tax reform to drive economic growth.   Ryan said tax reform would also include accelerating business expensing, double the standard deduction for individuals, and retain popular deductions for charity donations, home mortgages and retirement.  “We have basically found where our consensus lies on these major issues, which we think are sort of the key cornerstones of tax reform,” the Wisconsin Republican said. His failure to mention border tax adjustment could fuel speculation that House Republicans are moving away from the idea in discussions among the so-called Big Six principals. The six are Ryan, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, White House adviser Gary Cohn and the Republican chairmen of two tax-writing committees. ",politicsNews,"July 20, 2017 ",1
TRUMP SPOTTED Wearing New Red Presidential Hat On His Trip Back To NYC …People Are Loving it!, ,politics,"Nov 28, 2016",0
 Even Foreign Leaders Are Responding To Charlottesville Better Than Trump Did,"After a night of white supremacist marches in Charlottesville, Va, one of the Nazis drove his car through a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one woman and injuring 19 others. In the wake of this tragedy, foreign leaders are giving better responses than our own president.Not wanting to alienate his racist base of supporters, Donald Trump responded by weakly condemning the  many sides  responsible for this senseless act of violence. On Monday, a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel showed Trump how he should have responded.According to Merkel spokesman Steffen Seibert, the German chancellor was shocked by the deadly white supremacist marches that took place in Virginia over the weekend and described the events as  evil  and  disgusting. The scenes at the right-wing extremist march were absolutely repulsive   naked racism, anti-Semitism and hate in their most evil form were on display,  Siebert said. Such images and chants are disgusting wherever they may be and they are diametrically opposed to the political goals of the chancellor and the entire German government,  he added.White supremacists descended on Charlottesville Friday night to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. They carried tiki torches and chanted  we will not be replaced  while giving Nazi salutes. On Saturday, one of the white supremacists who had attended the rally drove his car through a crowd of counter-protesters, leaving one woman dead and 19 others injured.Of course, Trump can t denounce this type of bullsh*t because these are the same people who voted him into the White House. It s a damn shame that he can t disavow Nazis but we really shouldn t be surprised. This is the same man who couldn t denounce David Duke. Trump has courted white supremacists from the very beginning of his campaign and now he has empowered them to take to the streets with their racism and hate.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"August 14, 2017",0
Obama scolds Senate Republicans for Supreme Court threat,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday vowed to pick an indisputably qualified nominee for the Supreme Court and chided Republicans who control the U.S. Senate for threatening to block him from filling the pivotal vacancy. Obama told senators he has a constitutional duty to nominate a new justice after Saturday’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and reminded them of their constitutional obligation to “do their job” and vote to approve or reject his nominee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the seat on the nation’s highest court should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office in January so voters can have a say on the selection when they cast ballots in the Nov. 8 presidential election. “I’m amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there,” Obama said. “The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now,” Obama, a former constitutional law professor, told a news conference at the close of a two-day meeting with leaders from Southeast Asia. In Washington, Scalia’s chair in the court’s ornate chamber was draped with black wool crepe in accordance with court tradition following a justice’s death. The court said Scalia’s body will lie in repose at the Supreme Court building on Friday before his funeral Mass at the  Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington on Saturday. Obama’s nominee could shift the balance of power on the court, which had five conservatives and four liberals before Scalia’s death. The president said he understood the high stakes for Republican senators under pressure to vote against his pick for the lifetime appointment, who conceivably would be the deciding vote in cases where the court is split. Obama said the “venom and rancor in Washington” has led to the Senate routinely blocking his nominations for lower courts and other posts but said the Supreme Court is too important to get trapped in political gridlock.  “It’s the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics,” he said. But Republicans have pointed out that Obama and members of his cabinet, who were then in the Senate, were not above trying to block the Supreme Court nomination of Justice Samuel Alito by then-President George W. Bush in 2006. “While he complained about filibusters today, he joined filibusters while in the Senate,” said Don Stewart, a spokesman for Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Asked about his record, Obama acknowledged Democrats have played politics with nominations, too, through what he described as “strategic decisions” that ultimately did not block the president’s nominee. “But what is also true is Justice Alito is on the bench right now,” Obama said. Obama shed little light on whom he would choose or how the White House will try to finesse his choice through Congress. “We’re going to find somebody who is an outstanding legal mind, somebody who cares deeply about our democracy and cares about rule of law,” Obama said. “I’m going to present somebody who indisputably is qualified for the seat, and any fair-minded person, even somebody who disagrees with my politics, would say would serve with honor and integrity on the court,” he added. Asked directly if that meant he would choose a moderate candidate, Obama said, “No.” He said there was “more than enough time” for the Senate to hold hearings and vote on his nominee without the White House needing to resort to a procedure known as a recess appointment to get around the Senate when it is not in session. But he did not explicitly rule out a recess appointment. Republican Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, whose panel weighs Supreme Court nominations, said on Tuesday he will wait until Obama names his pick to fill the vacancy before deciding whether to hold confirmation hearings. Grassley has offered mixed messages since Scalia’s death on how the Senate should proceed on the vacancy, alternating hardline views on blocking any nominee with comments not ruling out hearings.  “I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decisions” about confirmation hearings, Grassley said, according to Radio Iowa. “In other words, take it a step at a time.” ",politicsNews,"February 16, 2016 ",1
Trump's new hire Scaramucci makes conciliatory debut with media,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If President Donald Trump, who refers to the media as “fake news,” wants his staff to use a more conciliatory approach with journalists, new communications director Anthony Scaramucci may be implementing such a shift - for now. The Wall Street financier and Republican fundraiser walked into the White House briefing room on Friday and immediately did what Sean Spicer, the outgoing press secretary, did not do on his first day in January: engage, in a friendly manner, with reporters. Wearing a blue tie and an American flag pin on a dark suit, Scaramucci bantered with correspondents, pledged to be transparent and even made respectful remarks about CNN, the cable network with which Trump and Spicer have sparred repeatedly. He made fun of himself, joking about his short stature and apologizing to Trump from the podium for having called the New York businessman a hack politician in 2015. “He brings it up every 15 seconds, all right?” Scaramucci said to laughter, referring to the president. “I should have never said that about him. So, Mr. President, if you’re listening, I personally apologize for the 50th time for saying that.” Trump was probably listening. Reporters peppered Scaramucci with questions on press-related issues that have dogged the relationship between the Trump presidency and the journalists that cover it. Did he support having briefings televised? “I obviously am committed to being transparent because I’m standing here. But I’d like to talk that over with the president,” he said. He noted that CNN had apologized when it reported something false about him and that he had accepted the apology. “There feels like there’s a little bit of media bias, and so what we hope we can do is de-escalate that and turn that around. And let’s let the message from the president get out there to the American people,” he said. He announced the new press secretary to take over from Spicer, who resigned earlier on Friday, would be Sarah Sanders.  Spicer’s debut at the White House podium in January featured a long scolding of reporters for their portrayal of Trump’s Inauguration Day crowd numbers. Asked on Friday whether he agreed with Trump’s contention, for which there is no evidence, that 3 million people voted illegally in the 2016 election, Scaramucci answered carefully. “So if the president says it, let me do more research on it, but my guess is that there’s probably some level of truth to that,” he said. “I think what we have found sometimes the president says stuff, some of you guys in the media think it’s not true or it isn’t true, and it turns out it’s closer to the truth than people think.” ",politicsNews,"July 22, 2017 ",1
Senator asks ethics office to review Trump hotel payments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. Senate committee overseeing pensions on Monday asked the U.S. Office of Government Ethics to assess whether President Donald Trump is violating the Constitution and federal bans on conflicts of interest. Reuters reported on April 26 that public pension funds in at least seven U.S. states periodically send millions of dollars to an investment fund that owns the upscale Trump SoHo Hotel and Condominium in New York City and pays a Trump company to run it, according to a Reuters review of public records. “Trump may be profiting from the retirement plans of millions of our nation’s public servants,” Senator Patty Murray of Washington state wrote in a letter to Walter Shaub, the director of the Office of Government Ethics, citing the Reuters report. The Office of Government Ethics is the U.S. agency that oversees conduct within the executive branch and supervises ethics officials to ensure they are preventing conflicts of interest and other violations. “This looks like exactly the type of monetary flow prohibited by the Constitution,” said the senator. Murray, who is on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, asked Shaub to assess what steps Trump can take to ensure he is in compliance with Article II of the U.S. Constitution, which bars the president from receiving additional payments beyond his salary from state governments.  The fees that public pension funds pay the CIM Fund III investment fund that owns the Trump SoHo may fall into that category, several constitutional lawyers have told Reuters. The White House, the Trump Organization, and the Office of Government Ethics did not respond to multiple requests for comment.  At a January news conference at which Trump said he would turn over management of his companies to a trust controlled by his two elder sons, his lawyer, Sheri Dillon, said divesting from his businesses would “exacerbate” potential conflicts of interest because Trump would still be entitled to royalties from the use of his brand. Some of the pension funds have said Trump or the investment fund that owns the hotel should answer concerns about the chain because they do not have control over the assets in the investment fund’s portfolio. Others declined to comment on the payment chain between them and Trump.  Other Democratic U.S. senators have criticized the president for not divesting his hotel management company and the hundreds of other businesses that make up the Trump Organization. Democratic Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland said Trump was setting “an extremely dangerous precedent” by maintaining ownership. ",politicsNews,"May 22, 2017 ",1
 It’s Official: The United States Government Is Censoring Climate Data,"A disturbing new report reveals that the staff at the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) have officially been instructed to begin censoring information on climate data. In fact, they are no longer even supposed to use the words  climate change  at all.According to emails between staff at the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), the staff has been told to use the term weather extremes  instead.The Guardian reports the following regarding an email dated February 16:A missive from Bianca Moebius-Clune, director of soil health, lists terms that should be avoided by staff and those that should replace them.  Climate change  is in the  avoid  category, to be replaced by  weather extremes . Instead of  climate change adaption , staff are asked to use  resilience to weather extremes .The primary cause of human-driven climate change is also targeted, with the term  reduce greenhouse gases  blacklisted in favor of  build soil organic matter, increase nutrient use efficiency . Meanwhile,  sequester carbon  is ruled out and replaced by  build soil organic matter .Moebius-Clune explained that we won t change the modeling, just how we talk about it   there are a lot of benefits to putting carbon back in the sail [sic], climate mitigation is just one of them.  She claims a colleague from the USDA s public affairs team advised them to  tamp down on discretionary messaging right now. Jimmy Bramblett, deputy chief for programs at the NRCS told senior employees that Trump was behind the decision to begin censoring important climate change data. It has become clear one of the previous administration s priority is not consistent with that of the incoming administration. Namely, that priority is climate change. Please visit with your staff and make them aware of this shift in perspective within the executive branch,  Bramblett wrote on January 24.The USDA issued a statement on January 23 that said,  interim operating procedures outlining procedures to ensure the new policy team has an opportunity to review policy-related statements, legislation, budgets, and regulations prior to issuance. This guidance, similar to procedures issued by previous administrations, was misinterpreted by some to cover data and scientific publications. This was never the case and USDA interim procedures will allow complete, objective information for the new policy staff reviewing policy decisions,  the statement added.And it isn t just the USDA. Since Trump took office, all mention of climate change has been scrubbed from the websites for both the White House and the Department of the Interior. The EPA has also removed its sections on climate change while they are  updating language to reflect the approach of new leadership. This is troubling, to say the least. These records reveal Trump s active censorship of science in the name of his political agenda,  said Meg Townsend, open government attorney at the Center for Biological Diversity.  To think that federal agency staff who report about the air, water, and soil that sustains the health of our nation must conform their reporting with the Trump administration s anti-science rhetoric is appalling and dangerous for America and the greater global community. 2017-NRCS-00240-A-3 by The Guardian on ScribdFeatured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"August 7, 2017",0
THE HORRIBLE END GAME: BERNIE SANDERS Calls for Socialized Medicine aka Single-Payer Healthcare [Video], ,politics,"Mar 26, 2017",0
"France to raise minimum food prices, limit bargain sales","PARIS (Reuters) - France will on Thursday announce a plan to raise regulated minimum food prices and limit bargain sales in supermarkets as part of a wider field-to-fork plan aimed at increasing farmers  income, a government official said. The measures are part of a wider review promised by President Emmanuel Macron to appease farmers, an important constituency in French politics, who have long complained of being hit by squeezed margins and retail price wars. In October Macron said the government would raise minimum prices retailers can charge on food products only if each sector proposed detailed organization plans by the end of the year. Most of these plans arrived late last week, the official said. The government will propose that threshold below which retailers cannot sell food products will rise by some 10 percent while prices on promotional offers could not be discounted by more than 34 percent and no more than 25 percent of a product s volume could be sold in a promotional offer, the official said, in line with a proposal reported by daily Le Figaro. The new rules, aimed at limiting sales at losses that pressure suppliers down the chain, would be applied for a trial period of two years. Macron had delayed until year-end the proposal by retailers to raise regulated minimum prices as he sought guarantees it would meet his promise to boost farm income while minimizing retail inflation. The measures will be included in a new law, set to be approved in the first half of next year, which will also tackle price renegotiation in case of a wide swing in commodity prices and create a reversed contract starting from farmers  production costs to food processors and to retailers. Company and industry representatives, unions, non-governmental organizations and officials, have gathered at the so-called Food Convention since the summer to discuss topics ranging from food quality to farm income and export strategy. ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
THIS ONE VERY IMPORTANT THING THE MEDIA MISSED That Tells You How The Candidates Feel About America, ,politics,"Sep 27, 2016",0
HILLARY TAKES CREDIT For The Arab Spring Disaster…AND SHE WANTS TO BE PRESIDENT?, ,politics,"Sep 15, 2016",0
WATCH: SANCTIMONIOUS ANTI-TRUMP Hollywood IMPLODES…Best Friends Turn On Each Other To Save Their Careers and Their New Movie SUBURBICON,"Anti-Trump besties Matt Damon and George Clooney sat down with Good Morning America s Michael Strahan to discuss their good friend, Democrat mega-donor and accused rapist and serial sexual predator, Harvey Weinstein. Not only did both actors, who owe much of their successful careers to Harvey Weinstein, wait until their reputations were on the line to speak out about the sexual predator, but they waited until only days before their new movie,  SUBURBICON  is about to debut, to say that they actually knew more about the abuse women received at the hands of the bully movie mogul than they had previously admitted to.Notably absent in the interview is the third actor Ben Affleck, who completes the trio of bestie actors. After Affleck spoke out on the Harvey Weinstein controversy, he was also accused of covering up Weinstein s behavior, as well as videos that show Affleck used his power to prey on innocent women. Notice how quickly Damon throws Affleck under the bus, saying he knew, but only told Damon (who of course, never told anyone else).Americans who are sick and tired of sanctimonious, holier-than-thou liberals who have no values or morals, yet try to shame Americans for supporting political candidates who don t hold the same liberal views as theirs, are left with only one option #BoycottSuburbicon and #BoycottHollywood In the interview that aired on Monday morning, George Clooney and Matt Damon said that they knew Weinstein was a  bully  and  womanizer  who bragged of bedding actresses but had no idea about the level of criminal behavior that was occurring behind closed doors in hotels.Damon also confessed that he was aware Weinstein had sexually harassed  the first lady of Miramax  Gwyneth Paltrow just before the actress shot the 1996 film adaptation of Jane Austen s  Emma  for the studio. I knew the story about Gwyneth from Ben [Affleck] because he was with her after Brad [Pitt] and so I knew that story,  said Damon. But I was working with Gwyneth and with Harvey on [the 1999 film  The Talented Mr.] Ripley. He then added:   I never talked to Gwyneth about it but Ben told me that whatever or agreement they had come to there was an understanding   and he treated her incredibly respectfully. Always. Affleck and Pitt have not spoken about the incident, and Damon s revelation that he learned about Weinstein s behavior from his friend may cause even more problems for the embattled actor as it seems to contradict his initial statement. I am saddened and angry that a man who I worked with used his position of power to intimidate, sexually harass and manipulate many women over decades,  said Affleck almost one week after news of the scandal broke in a carefully-worded response that seemed to suggest he had never before heard any of the allegations.Damon s decision to characterize the relationship between Paltrow and Weinstein as  always  respectful is a bit odd as well, considering her admission that she had been sexually harassed by the mogul is part of the reason the men were sitting down for the interview.Clooney meanwhile said that like many of Weinstein s victims, he had been told a number of times by the mogul that he was bedding a number of stars. Harvey would talk to me about women that he had had affairs with,  said Clooney. I didn t necessarily believe him quite honestly because to believe him would be to believe the worst of some actresses who were friends of mine, and I didn t really think that they had affairs with Harvey   and clearly, they didn t.He then added:  But the idea that this predator, this assaulter was out there silencing women like that, it s beyond infuriating. And the fact that the story is coming out now and the more it comes out, I want to know all of it. Daily MailWatch, as these two actors desperately attempt to save their upcoming movie,  Suburbicon , as well as their Hollywood careers:""He didn't do it out in the open.""   Matt Damon on Harvey Weinstein: https://t.co/fBSMwurc1A pic.twitter.com/oj1xEPTapz  Good Morning America (@GMA) October 23, 2017 It s indefensible. That s the only word you can start with. Harvey s admitted to it, and it s indefensible. I ve known Harvey for 20 years. He gave me my first big break as an actor in films on From Dusk Till Dawn, he gave me my first big break as a director with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. We ve had dinners, we ve been on location together, we ve had arguments. But I can tell you that I ve never seen any of this behavior ever.I ve heard rumors, and the rumors, in general, started back in the  90s, and they were that certain actresses had slept with Harvey to get a role. It seemed like a way to smear the actresses and demean them by saying that they didn t get the jobs based on their talent, so I took those rumors with a grain of salt. But the other part of this, the part we re hearing now about eight women being paid off, I didn t hear anything about that and I don t know anyone that did. That s a whole other level and there s no way you can reconcile that. There s nothing to say except that it s indefensible.A lot of people are doing the  you had to know  thing right now, and yes, if you re asking if I knew that someone who was very powerful had a tendency to hit on young, beautiful women, sure. But I had no idea that it had gone to the level of having to pay off eight women for their silence, and that these women were threatened and victimized. I ve been talking with a lot of people about this, and I don t know many people who knew of that.There s an argument that everyone is complicit in it. I suppose the argument would be, that it s not just about Hollywood, but about all of us, that every time you see someone using their power and influence to take advantage of someone without power and influence and you don t speak up, you re complicit. And there s no question about that. ",politics,"Oct 23, 2017",0
"Trump invites leaders of Thailand, Singapore to the White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to the leaders of Thailand and Singapore on Sunday in separate phone calls about the security situation in the Asia-Pacific region at a time of rising tensions with North Korea and invited both to visit Washington, the White House said. Thailand Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, a former general, heads a military-dominated government that took power in a 2014 coup. His government had strained relations with Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama. ",politicsNews,"April 30, 2017 ",1
 BREAKING: One Of Trump’s Guests For The Last Debate Can See Russia From Her House (IMAGE),"There s been news erupting all over the place regarding what guests Donald Trump will be inviting to the last presidential debate. So far, we know he s bringing in the mom of a Benghazi victim, and President Obama s half-brother. Random, we know.Well, it seems as if the circus is about to get a new performer, because word just came in that Trump has invited someone else as well.NBC News correspondent Hallie Jackson let us all in on a little secret, and that is that Trump has invited none other than former half-term governor and failed reality TV star Sarah Palin to be his guest at the debate.So: Trump source tells me @SarahPalinUSA is an invited guest to tonight's #debate.  Hallie Jackson (@HallieJackson) October 19, 2016That s right, this dynamic duo of crazy:Photo by Darren Hauck/Getty ImagesTrump seems to think he s pulling out all the stops. Meanwhile, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is probably sitting in a room somewhere doing this:Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesIf it seems like Trump is looking desperate, well, it s because he is. He s down by double digits in national polls, and many notoriously red states have the very real possibility of turning blue this year.He s either being this ridiculous on purpose just to give comedy writers material, or he really is just that crazy. My guess in the latter.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",News,"October 19, 2016",0
 USA Today Smacks Trump Upside The Head Over His Crazy Idea That Obama And Hillary Helped ISIS,"Since the shooting in Orlando, Donald Trump has been yammering on about how he was right about radical Islamic terrorism and Muslims all along. He s also been blasting President Obama for the way he s handling ISIS, connecting Obama to the Orlando massacre. He just recently stepped that up, claiming again that he was right about all this, and also bringing Hillary Clinton into the ring of his accusations. He even has a source to back all this up now! The big question now is,  Bro, do you even news? USA Today decided to answer that question with,  No, he clearly doesn t.  Why? Because he said: Hillary Clinton received a classified intelligence report stating that the Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State. His source for that? Breitbart, which is less reliable than Fox News. They referenced a government memo from 2012 on the situation and called it an  intelligence report.  Trump took that story and used it to gloat about being right about everything:An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump  may have insinuated about @POTUS.  But he s right: https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2016USA Today, however, looked at that so-called  report,  and found that it doesn t say what either Trump or Breitbart claim. Here s the relevant information:DIA memo, August 2012: A. Internally, events are taking a clear sectarian direction.B. The Salafist, the Muslim Brotherhood, and AQI [Al Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria.C. The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support the opposition; while Russia, China, and Iran support the regime.AQI supported the uprising against Syrian president Bashar al-Assad from the beginning, and so did the U.S. That s not a secret in any form of the word, and it takes an amazing leap of twisted logic to assume that means Obama was actively supporting even working with Al Qaeda. USA Today s report says that, for this to be true, several more countries would have to have been involved in this conspiracy, too.Now it s getting so complicated that it defies description.To that end, though, USA Today reached out to several Middle East experts about this. One such expert, Andrew Tabler, said: The US never supported AQ in Iraq   not sure where that came from. Another expert, Perry Cammack, called Breitbart s story  amazingly poor reporting,  and said: If anything the Obama administration has been criticized for doing too little to support the Syrian opposition, and it s frankly for exactly this reason. As far as Hillary s involvement, that s Trump and Breitbart grasping at some very small, slippery straws. While the memo does list the office of the Secretary of State, Cammack says it would likely have been  read by worker bees,  and incorporated into a larger briefing for Hillary to review later.In other words, that notation is meaningless, and Trump s accusation is baseless.USA Today concluded their report by saying that Trump s claims are the kind of conspiracy theories they d debunk in an article, and debunk, they did. They shot down this conspiracy theory rather soundly with basic research of which neither Trump, nor Breitbart, is capable (and they ll eventually be banned for this).Featured image by Mark Lyons/Getty Images",News,"June 16, 2016",0
 Sean Hannity Has Extremely Embarrassing Meltdown After Reporter Hurts His Feelings,"There are two things anyone with familiarity with Fox News host Sean Hannity learns quickly: He is one of the most unlikable people working in television and he is really, really sensitive about it.On Wednesday, Hannity managed to exemplify both of those traits when he learned that Politico reporter Marc Caputo quoted a Marco Rubio staffer as calling Hannity a  f*cking a**hole.  Rather than take the high road or, better yet, analyze his own actions to figure out why people despise him, Hannity did what comes naturally to him: He threw a very public, very embarrassing temper tantrum.Here s what Caputo said, quoted from an anonymous Rubio staffer, that set Hannity off: ""But Marco gives Donald a taste of his own medicine and Hannity gets all offended. He's a pussy and a sellout."" Boy, they're angry 2/2  Marc Caputo (@MarcACaputo) March 2, 2016Crass? Sure. Accurate? Definitely. It s no secret that Hannity has been a big fan of Donald Trump s since the very beginning. He once bragged that he encouraged Trump to get into the presidential race in 2012. He s been a major cheerleader ever since. In February, Trump was facing serious accusations about courting white supremacists   so he booked a 30 minute softball interview with his friend Hannity and  the issue never even came up. Instead, the two shared some laughs, complimented each other, and generally behaved as if it was a Trump 2016 infomercial paid for by Fox News.So when it came to defending his reputation against this charge of favoritism, Hannity simply ignored his indefensible actions and lashed out. Hilariously, Hannity didn t blame Rubio s campaign staffer so much as the reporter who relayed the message. On Twitter, the conservative pundit went a bit nuts.He tried  I know you are, but what am I? Glad Politico let's u use such big words that accurately describes yourself asshole. And u r ""impartial"" to politics https://t.co/bCn2UL8wc0  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 2, 2016He tried blaming it on liberals.Typical lib media, u missed my point. I always liked the REAL @marcorubio NOT THE GUY I SAW LAST NIGHT! https://t.co/BETSWuiZ49  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 2, 2016Before finally landing on  Do you know who I am?! Would love to play but I have 14 million radio listeners depending on me. Have fun with your 20,000 Twitter follows https://t.co/BETSWuiZ49  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 2, 2016Sadly, this is not the first time Hannity has had a public meltdown after being stung by the fact that people don t like him. In 2014, Mediaite ran a survey asking  several dozen cable news hosts from Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC  what they felt about their fellow pundits. Hannity was overwhelmingly voted worst (even by his own co-workers). He didn t take it well.@TheMattWilstein Lets do the BEST OF MEDIAITE CONCHA. ALL THE REST OF U MEDIAMATTERS WANNABEES SUCK IMHO . #badge of honor  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) December 22, 2014And just like his latest tantrum, Hannity blamed the messenger. Mediaite didn t decide who the  best of  Fox News was, Fox News hosts did   and they all said they didn t like Hannity. Likewise, Politico s Caputo didn t call Hannity a  f*cking a**hole , Rubio s campaign did.Hannity may have  14 million radio listeners  from the bitter clingin  proud clingers set, but he gets absolutely no respect from his fellow media personalities. Even the peers at his own network see through his hack journalism and abrasive personality. And they have a right to be mad. Every time Sean Hannity runs a doe-eyed fluff piece on Trump, it reminds us that Fox News is shamelessly enabling Trump s rise to power. And when you are the guy with 14 million fans who is cheerleading a bigot like Trump, it makes you a f*cking a**hole.Featured image via Fox News screengrab",News,"March 3, 2016",0
THIS IS RICH! COMMIE NYC MAYOR UNLEASHES CLASS WAR ON SCOTT WALKER FROM SWANKY PRIVATE CLUB,"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio traveled to Milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking Scott Walker and the wealthy. Governor Walker is part of a dangerous breed of Republicans, a group actively working to dismantle the foundation for middle-class life. Now listen,  he told attendees, according to the transcript,  I m not saying Scott Walker set out to destroy Wisconsin s middle class. But if that were his mission, I can t think of a (darn) thing he d had done differently! It s no wonder why the latest polls show Governor Walker s approval sinking to new lows. The people of Wisconsin can see beyond his pleasant smile and reassuring words. He tries to play the everyman   then he stabs the everyman in the back. Mayor de Blasio s event was held at the exclusive and private Milwaukee Athletic Club (pictured above). According to Orbitz:The Milwaukee Athletic Club is a private city club located in the heart of downtown Milwaukee .Built in 1917, the historic club sits on the corner of Broadway and Mason streets. The 12 floors house 17 meeting rooms including the stunning Grand Ballroom, restaurants, bars, 60 hotel rooms, separate athletic facilities for men and women, co-ed fitness studio, pilates studio, yoga studio and babysitting room Swanky!Read more: GATEWAY PUNDIT",Government News,"Apr 29, 2015",0
HOW HILLARY Reminded Us Last Week That We’re So Lucky She Wasn’t Elected,"Clinton sent out a taunting tweet of  3-0  after the three-judge panel from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously slapped a halt on Trump s executive order on immigrants and  refugees.Trump tweeted out  SEE YOU IN COURT Hillary responded with a snarky  3-0 Her support for the ruling isn t surprising   Clinton said she was for open borders at one point   but the gutter sniping was telling. The activist judges who based their ruling on their liberal politics instead of the Constitution are the same kind she would appoint to the Supreme Court and all other federal courts if she were in the Oval Office.Thankfully, she won t get the chance, a fact reinforced by Trump aide Kellyanne Conway. She fired back at Clinton with her version of  3-0,  tweeting  PA, WI, MI,  a reference to three formerly blue states, worth 46 electoral votes, that Trump flipped to his column. Touch !And so it went in Week 3 of the Trump era, with Clinton s taunt, the court ruling, nonstop demonstrations and congressional hijinks combining to illustrate why Trump s election was crucial. It was a necessary course correction and a dramatic rejection of an arrogant government that both overreaches and underperforms.Put another way, the hysterical, hateful reaction in many quarters to everything Trump says and does is absolute proof that the ruling elite deserved a comeuppance. The establishment was drunk on power, political and cultural, and never yielded an inch voluntarily or had the decency to admit error. Its rage reflects its sense of entitlement. This unhinged rage is the new America   only it s not new. It was hiding in plain sight, hinted at by the contempt that Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, tenured radicals, college snowflakes and the Democratic media openly held for those who don t share their worldview.Trump s victory ripped open the vein, but it would have erupted at any Republican president. Modern liberals  contempt for others is essential to their sense of superiority and justifies violence in the streets, threats and simple rudeness Read more: NYP",politics,"Feb 12, 2017",0
"Trump open to biofuel policy reform, senators say after meeting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is open to reforming the country’s biofuels policy if it can be done in a way that protects jobs in both the refining and agriculture industries, senators said on Thursday after a meeting with Trump on the issue. Nine lawmakers had requested the meeting to argue that the Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS, a law requiring refiners to blend increasing amounts of biofuels like corn-based ethanol into the fuel supply every year, was threatening to put refineries in their districts out of business. The Trump administration had ruled in favor of Big Corn and against the refining industry in a series of decisions this year, with senators on both sides using parliamentary procedures like holds on administrative appointments to punish rivals. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who led the lawmaker delegation, said Trump was open to a “win-win” solution. “The group as a whole agreed with the president to reconvene next week and to expand the group and work together to find a (solution) that is a win for blue-collar workers, a win for jobs, but also a win for farmers at the same time,” he told Fox News after the meeting. Republican Senators Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and James Lankford of Oklahoma also said Trump expressed a desire to help refiners in a way that protected the interests of farmers, but that more discussions were needed. “It was just a recognition that this is a more complicated problem and we’re going to have to get everybody together from all sides,” Lankford told reporters. The White House said the meeting was productive and that Trump remained committed to the RFS, farmers and energy workers. “He understands there are differing views on this issue, and the Administration looks forward to working with all the stakeholders toward a mutually agreeable path forward,” White House spokesman Hogan Gidley said in a statement. The RFS was introduced more than a decade ago by President George W. Bush as a way to boost U.S. agriculture, slash energy imports and cut emissions, and has since fostered a market for ethanol amounting to 15 billion gallons a year. Refiners oppose the RFS because they say it costs them hundreds of millions of dollars a year in blending and regulatory expenses while propping up demand for rival fuels. Refiners that do not have the facilities to blend biofuels must purchase credits, called RINs, from those that do and hand them into the EPA once a year. A refining lobbyist briefed on Thursday’s meeting said one possible solution discussed was capping the RINs - an idea that is opposed by the Renewable Fuels Association, the largest biofuel trade group. The refining industry has requested tweaks to the policy in the past that would cut the annual volume targets for biofuels, allow ethanol exports to be counted against those targets, or shift the blending burden to supply terminals.  While the leadership of the EPA, which administers the RFS, had considered some of the changes, it ultimately rejected them under pressure from Midwestern lawmakers, and slightly increased biofuels volumes targets for 2018.   The meeting with Trump could set the stage for negotiations over legislation, but any measure would likely require cooperation from representatives of the corn belt. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa said this week he was not invited to the meeting and called it “a waste of time.” Biofuels industry representatives did not attend the meeting. Cruz has said he would block Iowa Agriculture Secretary Bill Northey’s nomination to a key post at the U.S. Department of Agriculture until he gets a meeting about biofuels that includes all sides on the issue.  ",politicsNews,"December 7, 2017 ",1
SERIOUSLY? PRO-ILLEGAL ALIEN Supporters Demand Cops Explain Why They Can’t Physically Attack Trump Supporters [VIDEO],"The video begins with a clearly agitated pro-illegal alien female approaching Trump supporters. After a few of the agitators who were part of her group began to act in a hostile and threatening manner, police officers stepped in to form a barrier between the groups. The human barrier they formed was clearly not okay with the agitators who were looking to use physical force to shut up and shut down their opponents. Shortly after the police officer explained that the Trump supporters had a permit (which means nothing to people who have no regard for the law and are actually protesting on behalf of lawbreakers), another man who appears to be Hispanic, wearing a hoodie began to aggressively approach the crowd. We re not sure if these people were being paid to threaten the pro-Trump supporters or if they just happened to be angry supporters of illegal aliens, and were in the area.The Hispanic man on the pro-Trump side in the background, who was holding a  Deport Illegals  sign can be heard telling the pro-illegal agitators that he s  a legal American citizen  and he stands by President Trump. He hilariously follows up his comment with,  Homies for Trump.  The same man can be seen last night at a pro-Trump rally on Hollywood Blvd. prior to the Oscar Award ceremony in the video below where things did actually get violent and one obnoxious anti-Trump agitator got a surprise right hook from a pro-Trump woman after she was assaulted.Watch:Watch the video of the chaos that took place last night on Hollywood Blvd in Los Angeles just prior to the Oscar Award ceremony. The legal Hispanic American seen in the video above is also present at this rally:",politics,"Feb 27, 2017",0
Wake Up America! “SEED COMMUNITIES” Of Muslim Refugees Are Sprouting Up All Over The U.S.,"Be aware and be ready to push back on this effort by the State Department and the United Nations to spread  seed communities  (their term) all over the U.S. Pretty soon we ll be covered up in refugees who are mostly (90%) muslim. We already have millions of illegals from Central America that we cannot and should not support. We now know that small towns across America like Athens, GA and Spartanburg, SC are being targeted for a influx of muslim refugees. Because it s very secretive (for obvious reasons), you need to keep your ear to the ground and push back like Athens and Spartanburg. Below is a fantastic piece that will fill you in on what s REALLY going on:With Muslim immigrants streaming into the United States at a rate of 100,000 per year, some of the communities targeted for new arrivals are seeking information on their new neighbors, only to be frustrated by federal bureaucrats and their hired contractors.How does a city get on the U.S. State Department s list of 190 communities selected for refugee resettlement? How can cities find out who will be coming and when? What services will they use, and what will be the cost to taxpayers?And, the granddaddy of all questions: Can the communities be assured that foreign nationals with ties to ISIS, al-Shabab and other Islamic terrorist groups won t slip through the government s porous screening process posing as  refugees ?The answers to these questions are simple. Very little information is available. And there are no guarantees that some very bad apples won t arrive in your town, says a leading expert on the refugee resettlement program. One community that is trying to get information right now is Spartanburg, South Carolina.On March 16, Ann Corcoran, author of the Refugee Resettlement Watch blog, spoke at a national security summit in Columbia, South Carolina, hosted by former Defense Department analyst Frank Gaffney. A few days before that conference, on March 9, a story broke in the local Spartanburg newspaper that World Relief, one of the nine resettlement agencies that works under contract with the federal government, was planning to open an office in Spartanburg.When an agency like World Relief opens an office in a city, it means refugees will be arriving soon. There are no public hearings or announcements in local media, Corcoran said. Typically a story will appear in the local newspaper just before or after the first arrivals appear in town.Corcoran met some activists at Gaffney s conference who wanted to find out more about the plans for resettling United Nations-certified refugees in their city. It is like pulling teeth to get any information,  Corcoran said.  And these are long-term grassroots activists who know how to get information. One of the activists is Christina Jeffrey, a political science professor and former U.S. House of Representatives historian who ran against Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., in last year s Republican primary. Gowdy is now chairman of the House subcommittee on immigration and refugees. He is chair of this committee, and so they want to set up a refugee office in his home district, and we still can t get any information,  Corcoran said.Jeffrey has asked the federal government to prepare a comprehensive impact statement, detailing the impact the refugees will have on Spartanburg s public services. Schools, health facilities, housing, the job market and public welfare programs will all be affected, but so far nobody is saying to what extent.The mayor of Athens, Georgia, who asked for the same type of report last year, encountered the same blackout of information.St. Cloud, Minnesota, residents have also inquired about how many more Somali refugees will be arriving in light of recent problems with Somali student protests at a local community college. Dozens of other Somalis have either left the country to fight for al-Shabab or ISIS while others have been charged and convicted with sending material support to overseas terrorist organizations. They re trying to get information because residents have heard the rumor that there are 1,500 more Somalis getting ready to be resettled there in St. Cloud,  Corcoran said.The resettlement agencies hold lots of meetings and place lots of phone calls with  stakeholders  in the targeted communities, but these collaborative efforts almost always occur outside of the public spotlight. The term  stakeholders  does not apply to you, the taxpayer footing the bill for all of this,  Corcoran said.According to a March 8 article in the Spartanburg Herald-Journal,  a partnership of faith leaders  called Come Closer Spartanburg issued an invitation more than a year ago to World Relief to open a refugee office in Spartanburg. The March 8 article was the first public revelation of this effort even though World Relief had been working behind the scenes with  stakeholders  for a year. An initial group of 65 refugees will arrive this year, starting in April or May, from Congo, Bhutan and Syria.Jeffrey, in a March 30 op-ed in the local newspaper, shed more light on the group, Come Closer Spartanburg, and its goals: On its website, Come Closer Spartanburg describes the city of Spartanburg as  home to what has been identified as the fifth most dangerous neighborhood in the United States. We have extremely high rates of unemployment, poverty and domestic violence. Overall, we were recently listed as the fourth most  miserable  city to live in our country. It does not take long to realize that we are a city in need of transformation. Jeffrey discovered that the objective is to plant a  seed community  in Spartanburg that will eventually blossom and transform the city. The federal government is creating communities within communities often pitted against each other economically and culturally.It s the same tactic that has been used for decades in Europe. Looking at other U.S. cities with new refugee communities, it appears that contractors often keep sending refugees to the same place until there is a community within a community. Unassimilated communities have created problems in Europe, and we are beginning to have similar problems here in the United States (witness Milwaukee, Wis., and Lewiston, Maine),  Jeffrey writes.Corcoran said the word  assimilation  is no longer used by the resettlement agencies and their friends in the federal government. Rather, the new buzzword is  integration.  The goal of integration is to have a multitude of diverse cultures living side by side in  coexistence  but never assimilating.President Obama issued an executive memorandum dated Nov. 21, 2014, to all federal agencies directing them on  Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrated Immigrants and Refugees. This sort of backroom dealing between the federal government, its hired resettlement contractors and local officials is not designed to provide information to the people who live and work in the targeted refugee cities, Corcoran said. They don t like this whole idea that their town is being secretly selected,  she said.  This has been going on for over a year now in Spartanburg, and the refugees are now due to start arriving in a month or so. And these people have no information until it s actually upon them. The mayor of Athens, Nancy Denson, requested a plan. The city of Spartanburg is asking for the same consideration. That s what these people in Spartanburg are asking for, and they are asking that when you have a plan that you present it publicly at a public hearing,  Corcoran said.  They don t want to have to show any of that to the public. They re saying it s only 65; well, it s only 65 for the first year. It will continue to be more every year afterward once you become a seed community. Of the more than 500 Syrian refugees brought to the U.S. so far this past year, 90 percent of them have been Muslim, Corcoran said.Read more: wnd ",Government News,"Apr 9, 2015",0
U.S. will phase out program for Central American child refugees,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s administration is ending a program that allowed children fleeing violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to apply for refugee status in the United States before leaving home.  The administration will phase out the Central American Minors (CAM) program during fiscal year 2018, according to a report provided to Congress and obtained by Reuters. That report also sets the overall refugee cap for the year at its lowest level in decades.  The CAM program started at the end of 2014 under the administration of former President Barack Obama as a response to tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors and families from Central America who arrived at the U.S.-Mexico border seeking asylum in the United States.   The program allowed vulnerable young people with parents in the United States to process their applications in their home region and avoid making the dangerous trip through Mexico to the U.S. border on their own, said Karen Musalo, the director of the Center for Gender and Refugee Studies at University of California-Hastings.   I think there is very little interest in understanding on the part of this administration as to who are refugees and our country s commitment to protect people fleeing persecution,  Musalo said. The report said it was ending CAM  because the vast majority of individuals accessing the program were not eligible for refugee resettlement.  The government will instead focus on  more targeted  refugee processing in Central America, working with the government of Costa Rica, the United Nations and the International Organization for Migration, the report said. The U.S. had already said in August it was ending one element of the program. An executive order on border security signed by Trump days after he took office in January triggered a review of the program, putting on hold the applications of more than 2,700 children who had been conditionally approved for entry into the United States. Those applications - the bulk of which were for children from El Salvador - have been canceled.  As of August 4, more than 1,500 children and eligible family members had arrived in the United States as refugees under the CAM program since it began in December 2014, according to the State Department. More than 13,000 people have applied for the program since it began, it said. ",worldnews,"September 27, 2017 ",1
 Fox News Host BEGS Republicans: Leave Trump ALOOOONE (VIDEO),"Fox News host Eric Bolling wants mean Republicans to just leave his favorite candidate, Donald Trump, alone. Bolling, the host of the Fox weekend business news show Cashin  In, released a special message on the Saturday edition of the program timed to coincide with the upcoming South Carolina primary.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f8QbU8YMdMBolling, who also co-hosts The Five during the week, noted that the  Our Principles  Republican super PAC headed by former Romney aide Katie Packer is targeting Trump. The ads show that on a number of issues, Trump has flip-flopped from a moderate/liberal position to positions designed to pander to conservative Republican voters. Abortion, health care, and taxes are among Trump s flip-flops.While you would think Bolling, a conservative, would be happy to see an expose of Trump s fakery, his problem is actually with the ad itself.In his rant, Bolling complains about establishment Republicans consistently tearing down conservatives, as he sees it, and points out that he believes the PAC ad is a part of this sustained campaign.He calls on the ad makers to stop going after the reality star turned Republican presidential front-runner and racial demagogue. Bolling, speaking to the camera, told the PAC that  Trump s not your problem. Liberals and socialists are.  He suggests that instead  Why not use that Super PAC money to expose the dark underbelly of liberal politics? Bolling s suggestion is humorous because he effectively works for the biggest anti-liberal Super PAC around, Fox News. His network is a steady stream of lies, half-truths, and propaganda designed to attack the Democratic Party and the left. At the same time, actual super PACs on the right and other dark money groups designed to shield their donors are consistently the source of propaganda campaigns against the left. The Koch Brothers preside over a network that some believe could spend $1 billion in 2016 in order to elect a Republican president and congress.Fox has been the premiere media vehicle for Trump. He has received more airtime on the network than any other candidate, and even when feuding with Fox host Megyn Kelly, he still got coverage on their prime time programming. Of those at Fox, Bolling has been one of the staunchest supporters and defenders of Trump s campaign for months now, and according to a report he was directly ordered to back Trump by Fox News boss Roger Ailes.Featured image via YouTube",News,"February 13, 2016",0
Maverick state governor takes aim at Mexican presidency,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The first man in modern Mexican history to win a gubernatorial election as an independent said on Wednesday he aimed to run in the 2018 presidential election, putting pressure on the leading anti-establishment contender, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. Jaime Rodriguez ruptured the political status quo by capturing the wealthy northern state of Nuevo Leon by a landslide in 2015 after he broke with President Enrique Pena Nieto s Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. Rodriguez adds to a fragmented landscape of contenders led by twice presidential runner-up Lopez Obrador, a former Mexico City mayor who has spent years pitching himself as the only solution to ongoing political corruption and chronic inequality.  I want to give it a try, and I want to show that the people are tired of political parties and the politicians themselves,  Rodriguez, 59, told Mexican broadcaster Radio Formula. Known as  El Bronco  due to his blunt style, Rodriguez has trailed far behind Lopez Obrador in early opinion polls. However, his entry into the race could eat away at anti-establishment support for Lopez Obrador, a leftist with nationalist leanings. That, in turn, could help the PRI. The avid horseman said he planned to register on Saturday and will have four months to gather 866,593 signatures - or one percent of the electorate - in at least 17 regions of Mexico to qualify as an independent ahead of the July 2018 vote. Voter surveys show all presidential hopefuls struggling to win the backing of as much as one third of the electorate. In June, the PRI was able to exploit those divisions, winning a tight gubernatorial race in the State of Mexico, the country s most populous region, with barely a third of the vote. Leading PRI officials say privately the party hopes to take advantage of that fragmentation again to eke out victory in 2018. However, it is still unclear who will be the party s candidate. Pena Nieto is barred by law from seeking re-election. Further crowding the pool of anti-systemic candidates, Senator Armando Rios Piter, an independent former member of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), also registered a run for the presidency on Wednesday. The PRD was once led by Lopez Obrador, but he turned his back on it to found a new leftist movement in 2014, frequently accusing his former allies as being lackeys of the PRI. The PRD meanwhile, has decided to forge a  broad front  with the main center-right opposition party, the National Action Party (PAN), to defeat the PRI. Officials from both parties say they could back an independent candidate to lead their bid. All told, ten independents have so far registered, according to the National Electoral Institute (INE). Three of those contenders failed to meet initial requirements, the INE said. Lopez Obrador has attacked Rodriguez s independent credentials, describing him as a tool of the PRI, and helping to fuel an increasingly bitter rivalry between the two.  According to him (Lopez Obrador), he s the only good guy in the country,  Rodriguez told Radio Formula.  We re all devils in the rest of the country, he s the only saint.  ",worldnews,"October 4, 2017 ",1
 Two-Thirds Of Mayors In America Support Raising The Minimum Wage,"Republicans in Congress may not support raising the minimum wage, but most mayors in America say they want to do exactly that.A Politico survey reached out to 73 mayors in cities across the country asking them if they would consider raising the minimum wage like had been done in Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York City, all three of which approved a $15 minimum wage over the last two years.In a stunning result, 65 percent of the mayors surveyed said they would definitely consider raising the minimum wage. 37 percent said they would consider raising wages as high as $15 an hour while 28 percent said they consider raising wages but not quite as high as $15, suggesting they would support President Obama s call to raise the minimum wage to at least $10 an hour.29 percent of the mayors are like the Republicans who control Congress, in that they refuse to consider the idea of raising the minimum wage at all.Income inequality and poverty ranked as serious issues among the mayors with 80 percent identifying both as great challenges to overcome.Of course, raising the minimum wage would do a lot to close the income gap and provide families with more resources. And because families would spend that extra money, it would be a huge boost to the local economy. It would also help Americans pay for housing, which is getting much more difficult now. In addition, it would save the federal government millions of dollars because higher wages would mean less people needing federal aid such as food stamps to get by.Sadly, efforts to raise the minimum wage have been largely left to cities as Republicans in control of state legislatures and Congress refuse to take up the issue so as not to anger their corporate masters, despite the fact that studies from both sides of the aisle support wage hikes.Indeed, Republicans would rather eliminate the minimum wage all together so that corporate CEOs can pay their employees slave wages that would make America look more like it did during the Gilded Age, when workers were kept in poverty due to low wages, and the top 2 percent controlled more than a third of the nation s wealth.And once again, unless the issue of low wages and income inequality is addressed in a meaningful way, America will be repeating history, which means that the middle class will cease to exist and workers will struggle to keep their families and themselves afloat as the wealthy use their money to buy politicians to ensure that nothing ever changes.Raising the minimum wage and tying it to the rate of inflation has never been more important to achieve. And as Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York City have demonstrated, it can be done. But if we want it to happen across the entire nation, the 2016 Election would be a great place to start. Republicans think they can keep forcing Americans to work longer and harder with inadequate pay while they continue to make $174,000 a year working only for 110 days out of 365.Clearly, there is something terribly wrong when lawmakers can raise their own taxpayer paid salaries at will while they continue to reject the pleas of working people across the country to have their own efforts rewarded with a much needed wage increase.Featured Image: PR Watch",News,"January 27, 2016",0
Skyscraper fire kills 10 in northern Chinese city of Tianjin,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A skyscraper fire in the northern Chinese port city of Tianjin killed 10 and injured five early on Friday, state media reported. The fire broke out around 4 a.m. on the 38th floor of a serviced apartment building near the city centre, the official Xinhua news agency said. Xinhua said the fire had been extinguished and that early indications were that the blaze was caused by interior decorating materials used in a renovation catching fire. State broadcaster CCTV said renovation workers working on site were among the casualties. Fire safety has come under scrutiny in China after a deadly blaze last month killed 19 in the far southern fringe of Beijing, which has led to citywide evictions seen by some people as unfairly targeting the vulnerable underclass. Tianjin party secretary Li Hongzhong said authorities would carry out citywide fire safety inspections in response to Friday s blaze, the official Tianjin Daily reported. ",worldnews,"December 1, 2017 ",1
 House Majority Leader REVELATION: ‘I Think Putin Pays Trump’,"House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy   one of Trump s strongest allies in Congress   divulged a hugely explosive statement during a closed-door conversation on Capitol Hill with GOP leader buddies: He thinks Trump receives payments from Vladimir Putin.The Washington Post reported Wednesday that McCarthy (R-Calif.) said,  There s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump.  This statement was made in a June 15, 2016, recording that was verified by The Washington Post. Dana Rohrabacher, a California Republican, is well known in Congress for her outspoken defense of Russia and Putin.Immediately after the statement was made, Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) abruptly interjected and stopped the conversation, having the Republicans who were present in the conversation swear to keep it secret.Prior to the conversation, Ryan and McCarthy had just finished talks with Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, who had been discussing Kremlin tactics to finance populist politicians with the goal of undercutting democratic institutions in Eastern Europe.Laughter from some of the lawmakers in response to McCarthy s comment can be heard on the recording, with McCarthy quickly adding:  Swear to God. These Remarks were kept secret for almost a year.The GOP has found itself under growing pressure over Trump s conduct, and this conversation gives us a small glimpse into the views of GOP leaders who have been keeping their mouths shut to the public. It s hard to tell how literal these remarks were meant to be taken, but the recording shows that GOP leaders want to keep their conversations about Russia s election involvement VERY secret.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"May 17, 2017",0
"Saudi Arabia says Lebanon declares war, deepening crisis","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon on Monday of declaring war against it because of aggression by the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah, a dramatic escalation of a crisis threatening to destabilize the tiny Arab country. Lebanon has been thrust to the center of regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran since the Saudi-allied Lebanese politician Saad al-Hariri quit as prime minister on Saturday, blaming Iran and Hezbollah in his resignation speech.    Saudi Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan said the Lebanese government would  be dealt with as a government declaring war on Saudi Arabia  because of what he described as aggression by Hezbollah. Faulting the Hariri-led administration for failing to take action against Hezbollah during a year in office, Sabhan said  there are those who will stop (Hezbollah) and make it return to the caves of South Lebanon , the heartland of the Shi ite community. In an interview with Al-Arabiya TV, he added:  Lebanese must all know these risks and work to fix matters before they reach the point of no return.  He did not spell out what action Saudi Arabia might take against Lebanon, a country with a weak and heavily indebted state that is still rebuilding from its 1975-90 civil war and where one-in-four people is a Syrian refugee. There was no immediate comment from the Lebanese government.  Hezbollah is both a military and a political organization that is represented in the Lebanese parliament and in the Hariri-led coalition government formed last year. Its powerful guerrilla army is widely seen as stronger than the Lebanese army, and has played a major role in the war in neighboring Syria, another theater of Saudi-Iranian rivalry where Hezbollah has fought in support of the government. Lebanese authorities said on Monday the country s financial institutions could cope with Hariri s resignation and the stability of the Lebanese pound was not at risk. But the cash price of Lebanon s U.S. dollar-denominated bonds fell, with longer-dated maturities suffering hefty losses as investors took a dim view of the medium- to longer-term outlook for Lebanon. Hariri cited a plot to assassinate him during his unexpected resignation speech broadcast from Saudi Arabia which caught even his aides off guard. He also slammed Hezbollah and Iran, accusing them of sowing strife in the Arab world. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah has said he will not comment on Hariri s speech, calling it a  Saudi statement  and saying Riyadh had forced Hariri to resign. The sudden nature of Hariri s resignation generated speculation in Lebanon that his family s Saudi construction business had been caught up in an anti-corruption purge and he had been coerced into resigning.  Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir said it was  nonsense  to suggest Hariri had been coerced into quitting in a CNN interview on Monday. Hariri had quit because Hezbollah had been  calling the shots  in the government, he said. Hariri, a Saudi citizen, was free to leave the country at any time, he said. Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk, a senior member of Hariri s political party, said he was under the impression Hariri would return to Beirut within days.  A meeting between Saudi King Salman and Hariri in Riyadh on Monday proved  rumors  wrong, he said - an apparent reference to speculation that Hariri was detained or forced to quit.    Earlier on Monday, President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, appealed for national unity. Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri, another political ally of Hezbollah, said in a televised statement after meeting Aoun it was too early to talk about forming a new government. The crisis could re-aggravate tensions between Sunni and Shi ite Muslims and afflict Lebanese government with paralysis once again. All of the sides have called for calm and there has been no sign of unrest since Hariri s resignation. The Hariri-led government took office last year in a political deal that made Aoun president. The deal ended years of deadlock, and last month it produced Lebanon s first budget since 2005. Hariri flew to Saudi Arabia on Friday after meeting in Beirut the top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader, who described the coalition as  a victory  and  great success  afterwards. ",worldnews,"November 6, 2017 ",1
Trump administration tells EPA to cut climate page from website: sources," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has instructed the Environmental Protection Agency to remove the climate change page from its website, two agency employees told Reuters, the latest move by the newly minted leadership to erase ex-President Barack Obama’s climate change initiatives.  The employees were notified by EPA officials on Tuesday that the administration had instructed EPA’s communications team to remove the website’s climate change page, which contains links to scientific global warming research, as well as detailed data on emissions. The page could go down as early as Wednesday, the sources said.  DON’T MISS: Dow hits 20,000 as post-election rally roars back to life INSIGHT: How Russia sold its oil jewel - without saying who bought it OPINION: Trump probably can't require pipelines to use U.S. steel “If the website goes dark, years of work we have done on climate change will disappear,” one of the EPA staffers told Reuters, who added some employees were scrambling to save some of the information housed on the website, or convince the Trump administration to preserve parts of it.  The sources asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media.  A Trump administration official did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  The order comes as Trump’s administration has moved to curb the flow of information from several government agencies who oversee environmental issues since last week, in actions that appeared designed to tighten control and discourage dissenting views.  The moves have reinforced concerns that Trump, a climate change doubter, could seek to sideline scientific research showing that carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels contributes to global warming, as well as the career staffers at the agencies that conduct much of this research.  Myron Ebell, who helped guide the EPA’s transition after Trump was elected in November until he was sworn in last week, said the move was not surprising.  “My guess is the web pages will be taken down, but the links and information will be available,” he said.  The page includes links to the EPA’s inventory of greenhouse gas emissions, which contains emissions data from individual industrial facilities as well as the multiagency Climate Change Indicators report, which describes trends related to the causes and effects of climate change.  The Trump administration’s recently appointed team to guide the post-Obama transition has drawn heavily from the energy industry lobby and pro-drilling think tanks, according to a list of the newly introduced 10-member team.  Trump appointed Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, a longtime foe of the EPA who has led 14 lawsuits against it, as the agency’s administrator. The Senate environment committee held a tense seven-hour confirmation hearing for Pruitt last week. No vote on his nomination has been scheduled yet.  ",politicsNews,"January 25, 2017 ",1
NFL LEGEND Who Supported Hillary Leaves CNN Host Speechless Over Praise For Trump…People Who “called him names when he won”…”He reached back and brought them along with him. He held no grudges”[VIDEO]," I fell in love with him [Trump] because he really talks about helping African-American black people, and that s why I m here. Gotta give the man his due. Donald Trump may be the only person alive equally capable of charming Kanye West, Jim Brown, and Mitt Romney. However you may feel about his shtick on the stump, the guy must have a genius-level quotient of personal charisma in private conversation when he feels like summoning it. I wonder how it ll translate in diplomatic meetings, with leaders from other cultures. It s hard to imagine Trump and Merkel hitting it off in the same way it s hard to imagine Merkel hitting it off with, say, Don King, but nothing would surprise me anymore. Brown sounds like he s ready to sign up for the reelection campaign here.  HA When he goes through what he went through to become the President, he s got my admiration. Because no one game him a chance. You know they called him names. Ahh people that called him names when he won, he reached back and brought them along with him. He held no grudges. ",politics,"Dec 14, 2016",0
"Apple's Cook says he disagrees with Trump, vows donations to rights groups","(Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O) CEO Tim Cook has joined a chorus of business leaders who have voiced their opposition to President Donald Trump after he blamed white nationalists and anti-racism activists equally for violence in Virginia over the weekend.  “I disagree with the president and others who believe that there is a moral equivalence between white supremacists and Nazis, and those who oppose them by standing up for human rights. Equating the two runs counter to our ideals as Americans,” Cook wrote in a note late on Wednesday to employees, according to technology news website Recode.   Cook also said in the letter that Apple will donate $1 million a piece to the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League and will match two-for-one their donations to the organizations and other human rights groups until Sept. 30.  “Regardless of your political views, we must all stand together on this one point — that we are all equal. As a company, through our actions, our products and our voice, we will always work to ensure that everyone is treated equally and with respect,” Cook wrote. Cook’s letter came hours after Trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils as several chief executives quit in protest over his remarks blaming weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists that left a 32-year-old woman dead.      “The events of the past several days have been deeply troubling for me, and I’ve heard from many people at Apple who are saddened, outraged or confused,” Cook said.  “What occurred in Charlottesville has no place in our country. Hate is a cancer, and left unchecked it destroys everything in its path. Its scars last generations. History has taught us this time and time again, both in the United States and countries around the world,” Cook added.          Earlier on Wednesday, the company was disabling Apple Pay on several websites that sell attire and items in support of white nationalists and hate groups, several tech news websites reported.  Apple joined social media networks Twitter Inc and LinkedIn, music service Spotify Ltd and security firm Cloudflare Inc that were cutting off services to hate groups or removing material that they said spread hate. ",politicsNews,"August 17, 2017 ",1
"Tech worker visas face uncertain future under Trump, Sessions","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The main U.S. visa program for technology workers could face renewed scrutiny under President-elect Donald Trump and his proposed Attorney General, Senator Jeff Sessions, a long-time critic of the skilled-worker program. H-1B visas admit 65,000 workers and another 20,000 graduate student workers each year. The tech industry, which has lobbied to expand the program, may now have to fight a rear-guard action to protect it, immigration attorneys and lobbyists said. Trump sent mixed signals on the campaign trail, sometimes criticizing the visas but other times calling them an important way to retain foreign talent. Sessions, however, has long sought to curtail the program and introduced legislation last year aiming to make the visas less available to large outsourcing companies such as Infosys. Such firms, by far the largest users of H-1B visas, provide foreign contractors to U.S. companies looking to slash information technology costs. “Thousands of U.S. workers are being replaced by foreign labor,” Sessions said at a February hearing. A spokesperson for Sessions did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A Trump transition team spokesperson declined to comment. The H-1B visa is intended for specialty occupations that typically require a college education. Companies use them in two main ways to hire technology workers. Tech firms such as Microsoft and Google typically hire highly skilled, well-paid foreign workers that are in short supply. They help many of them secure so-called green cards that allow them to work in the U.S. permanently. By contrast, firms such as Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services, both based in India, use the visas to deploy lower-paid contractors that critics say rarely end up with green cards. Infosys did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A Tata spokesman declined to comment. H-1B visas are assigned through a lottery once a year by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This year, companies filed 236,000 petitions for the 85,000 available visas, a cap set in U.S. law. They are awarded to employers - not employees - and tied to specific positions. Both Democratic and Republican critics have argued that companies such as Walt Disney Co and Southern California Edison Co (SCE_pe.A), a utility, have used the program to terminate in-house IT employees and replace them with cheaper contractors. Sessions last year urged then-Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate Southern California Edison’s use of H-1B visas in a letter than was also signed by Democratic Sens. Bernie Sanders, Richard Durbin and Sherrod Brown. Disney and Edison did not immediately respond to requests for comment but have said previously that they paid foreign contractors comparably with local staffers. The Justice Department in 2013 settled a visa fraud case with Infosys for $34 million. Federal investigators accused Infosys of using easier-to-obtain business travel visas to import foreign workers who were required to have H-1B visas. Investigators also alleged that Infosys told foreign workers to lie to U.S. officials about the cities where they would work. In the settlement, Infosys denied the allegations but agreed to retain a third-party auditor for two years and to provide the government with detailed descriptions of what its visa holders were supposed to be doing in the U.S. Several constituencies have called for program reforms, including the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, that industry’s largest professional association. It wants the lottery ditched in favor of a system that would award visas to companies offering the highest-paying jobs, said Russ Harrison, director of government relations.  That could potentially shut out employers looking to mine the program for cheap foreign labor. Sessions included a similar measure in his 2015 bill. Tech industry groups also want changes. FWD.us - the immigration lobbying group backed by Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg - supports setting higher minimum wages and giving priority to companies that sponsor H-1B workers for green cards. “We’re going to advocate for expanding the program, but we’re also going to advocate for reforming the program,” FWD.us President Todd Shulte said in an interview. The current program mainly benefits big companies at the expense of both U.S. and immigrant workers, said Gaurav Mehta, a 32-year-old H-1B holder from New Delhi who works for a cyber security firm in San Francisco. H-1B workers struggle to switch jobs without risking deportation, he said, which allows employers to pay them less. “The current system is not working for Americans, and it’s not working for immigrants,” he said. Some Trump allies expect him to keep the program mostly intact, including Shalabh “Shalli” Kumar - an Indian-born Chicago businessman who donated $900,000 to his campaign.  “He has said to us that these are amazing people and it would be crazy to let them go,” Kumar said in an interview. But Kumar has urged Trump to eliminate country-by-country quotas that create long waits for Indian and Chinese nationals to get green cards. John Miano, an attorney with the Immigration Reform Law Institute - a conservative group that has been aligned with Trump - also supports prioritizing H-1B applications from companies offering higher pay. Such a change would hit the outsourcing firms hard. The top 10 recipients of H-1B visas in 2015 were all outsourcing firms, according to government data compiled by the IEEE. Tata Consultancy Services topped the list by securing 8,333 H-1B visas. Amazon, by contrast, ranked number 12 and was awarded just 826 H-1B visas. Google and Microsoft ranked No. 14 and 15, with Facebook at No. 24 and Apple at No. 34. Some H-1B visa holders aren’t waiting. Sofie Graham - a marketer at the San Francisco startup BuildZoom.com and a dual Irish and British citizen - secured her H-1B visa last year. Although she could have worked for six years on the visa, she and the company decided to apply for a green card. “Everywhere I looked, people were saying we should have fewer H-1Bs,” she said. “I just wanted to get a green card as soon as possible.” (This version of the story has been refiled to clarify that the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers represents engineers and not engineering companies) ",politicsNews,"November 21, 2016 ",1
Backlash among German MPs against parliamentary Twitter ban,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German lawmakers have protested after Wolfgang Schaeuble, the new president of the Bundestag, announced a ban on sending tweets from inside the parliament chamber. In a letter published in German media on Thursday, the former finance minister told lawmakers that  using devices to photograph, tweet or send messages from the plenary chamber is inappropriate to the proceedings of the Bundestag . German politicians are far behind other countries  in addressing voters via Twitter s short messaging service, and none comes close to U.S. President Donald Trump - but the measure has not gone unprotested.  This is not going to be the last word on the matter,  tweeted conservative lawmaker Dorothee B r, who with more than 64,000 followers is among the biggest Twitter stars of German politics, proving her adeptness with a winking smiley and a string of hashtags.  You can watch parliamentary sessions live, but we can t tweet from it,  tweeted her liberal colleague Frank Sitta.  Would a handwritten letter from inside be ok? It makes no sense!  It was not clear if either of those tweets had been sent from the parliament chamber. The backlash comes after an election which heard promises to address Germany s relative slowness in adopting the latest digital technologies. Politicians fear the industrial and export titan s strength risks being undermined by more nimble digital upstarts from Silicon Valley. During his decade at the finance ministry, Schaeuble earned a reputation for ruthlessly policing indebted euro zone states  budgets. Lawmakers chose him for his new job in the hope he would ably discipline a parliament that since September s national election is more fragmented than ever before. ",worldnews,"November 23, 2017 ",1
 Obama Just Did Something Awesome On National TV That No President EVER Did Before (VIDEO),"President Obama has done something that no other President has ever done on national television, and it s going to drive every Conservative in the country nuts. During an Alaska shoot with survivalist Bear Grylls to highlight climate change, the President painted his nails.In a gloriously un-macho moment, Bear Grylls offers the President some  foraged  nail paint, and suggests the President might wish to take advantage of the wonderful shade of fuchsia. On camera and with zero homophobic mockery, the President applies the paint to his nails (quite deftly I might add) and sits back and enjoys his handiwork.The footage is an outtake from President Obama s shoot with British survivalist Bear Grylls for a special edition of  Running Wild with Bear Grylls. ",News,"January 15, 2016",0
TRUMP SUPPORTER FIGHTS BACK: Man Wearing “Make America Great Again” Hat Sues “The Happiest Hour” Bar For Refusing To Serve Him,"Enough is enough. Americans need to start making business owners and their employees pay up for discriminating against them simply because they dare to show their support for our President. Good for this Trump supporter for fighting back against the intolerant left. A lot of Americans would be happy to contribute to his legal defense Bartenders at a West Village hot spot served up discrimination   with a liberal twist   refusing to serve a customer because he was wearing a  Make America Great Again  hat, according to a lawsuit.Greg Piatek, 30, an accountant from Philadelphia, claims he was snubbed and eventually 86 d by workers at The Happiest Hour on West 10th Street over his conservative fashion statement, popularized by Donald Trump on the campaign trail, he told The Post. Anyone who supports Trump   or believes what you believe   is not welcome here! And you need to leave right now because we won t serve you!  Piatek claims he was told as he was shown the door by a manager.The shake-up started when Piatek and two pals, after a visit to the 9/11 Memorial, ordered drinks at the posh tavern around 6:30 p.m. on Jan. 28.A female bartender served Piatek a $15 jalape o margarita and his pals beers. But when he tried to order a second round, a male bartender noticed his hat   and skipped them, he said.One of Piatek s pals pointed out it was their turn to be served, but the bartender scoffed.  Is that hat a joke?  the Manhattan Supreme Court suit claims. Ignoring me because I m wearing the hat is ridiculous,  Piatek said.  It s really sad. The  flustered  bartender got them a second round but allegedly  slammed the drinks down. A third bartender also asked Piatek if his lid was a joke and shouted,  I can t believe you would support someone so terrible and you must be as terrible a person!  Piatek claimed. I wasn t even trying to order a drink and she said,  Don t even try to order from me. I won t get you a drink,  Piatek alleged.A manager said he spoke to the bar owner, and was told,  Anyone who supports Trump or believes what you believe is not welcome here. And you need to leave right now because we won t serve you!  according to the suit. For entire story: New York Post New York Post reporter Dean Balsamini had a similar experience when he wore a Trump hat around NYC. He recounts his day of scorn and discrimination after donning a  Make America Great Again  hat as he visited a few hot spots in the city: I may as well have been wearing a Red Sox hat at Yankee Stadium.The mere sight of my cap nearly caused a riot at the historic Stonewall Inn on Christopher Street   site of the 1969 riots that launched the gay rights movement. You come into a gay bar   THIS gay bar   with THAT hat!  one woman lectured as a large crowd gathered.At Soho s sceney La Esquina, where celebs like Julia Roberts nosh on $26 enchiladas, servers nearly lost their lunch when I showed up. Oh my God, do you see that? Is he serious? Is he kidding me?  one waiter gasped.My companion and I were quickly shunted to an out of sight table near a back wall. Don t talk to him!  a man instructed a street vendor as I browsed along 125th street near the Apollo Theater.Hipsters and trustafarians along Bedford Avenue in Williamsburg either did a double take, shot me a death stare or a snarky remark. Take off that stupid f ing hat!  one skinny-jeans-wearer sneered.At high-end chapeau peddler Goorin Bros., I overheard a salesman tell his colleague,  I m losing my sh !  as I walked in. When I asked him to hold my hat while I admired a fedora, he grimaced. I m surprised nobody s knocked that hat off your head!  a mother of two scolded me as we crossed paths along Central Park West and 63rd Street.  Make America Great Again   right! ",left-news,"Mar 19, 2017",0
Tanzania president names tax expert as central bank governor,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania s new central bank governor will be tax law professor Florens Luoga, the country s president said on Monday. President John Magufuli said Luoga would take over in December or January after the tenure of current governor Benno Ndulu expires.  I have decided to appoint a new (central bank) governor from among members of the committees that investigated the mining sector,  Magufuli said. He was speaking at a ceremony to award certificates of recognition to members of two presidential committees that investigated allegations of tax evasion in exports of gold and copper concentrate in the east African country. Luoga currently serves as the deputy vice chancellor of the University of Dar es Salaam (UDSM), the country s largest public university.  In July he was also appointed by Magufuli as chairman of the board of directors of the Tanzania Revenue Authority (TRA).  Magufuli said he was aware many people expected him to appoint an economist as next governor. But  Luoga is a professor of taxation law and he will help us strengthen checks on capital flight by some foreign companies that use tax havens.  President Magufuli s government accuses mining firms of cheating Tanzania out of its fair share of mineral wealth through tax dodging and smuggling, allegations they deny. Magufuli ordered the country s central bank to crackdown on capital flight by foreign investors companies. The country s new Minister of Minerals, Angellah Kairuki, speaking at the same function, said the government was determined to  plug all loopholes in the mining sector, including the smuggling of minerals.  ",worldnews,"October 23, 2017 ",1
"Dear America: Stop Supporting Terrorists in Syria, and Around the World","21st Century Wire says Since 2011 the United States government, led by President Barack Obama, has adopted an open policy of supporting an armed opposition in Syria. While certain officials have only recently admitted to arming and funding these militants, evidence shows that the support has been pouring in through both covert means and official channels from the onset of the conflict. We now know that those commonly referred to in the western media as  rebels  in Syria are comprised mainly of religious extremists and designated terrorists. Despite this revelation, the US, UK, France, along with Saudi Arabia, Qatar and others have continued to back them, and even go so far as to color them with political legitimacy   all in a grand effort to try and achieve regime change in Syria. It s not the first time either that Washington has pursued this same policy of destablization in order to overthrow a foreign government.President Donald Trump has an opportunity to reverse this backwards US policy. Will he capitalize on the opportunity to start anew, or will the US revert back to its old deep state default position? The passage of Hawaii Congresswomen Tulsi Gabbard s recently proposed piece of legislation entitled, Stop Arming Terrorists Act, would be positive move in that direction. Will President Trump champion her bill?The following is an open letter from writer Steven Sahiounie to the US Government To the Government of the United States of America:I am asking my American government to stop supporting terrorists in Syria. The US government, and media, keep calling them  moderate rebels , but they are not.  They were never moderate, and many are not rebels. By definition, a  rebel  is rebelling against their own government.  However, many of the US backed  rebels  are not Syrian, and have no family ties to Syria, and have never been a citizen of Syria. For example, how could a Chinese citizen fight in a rebellion against the American government?  By what right does a Chinese citizen have to kill and maim in order to change the US government?  It is wrong and makes no sense.I would never advocate, or support any armed attack, or rebellion against the American government. There are laws against murdering, raping, kidnapping and maiming people in USA.  The same such laws exist in Syria. How could a democracy and a world leader like USA advocate murdering, raping, kidnapping and maiming innocent Syrian people?From the out-set of violence and crimes in  Syria in  2011, the US backed  rebels  used sectarian slogans, and carries out sectarian attacks and massacres. Syria is a secular form of government, as is USA. Why would American leaders support the targeting of minorities in Syria, when the President of America is himself a minority? Why would the US government support the destruction on churches and mosques? American s value religious freedom, and equality of minorities; yet the US backed  Free Syrian Army  destroyed churches, targeted Christians, attacked Christian villages, as well as targeting Muslim minority sects with similar acts: such as Kessab, Ballouta, Mahardeh, and Maaloula among many others.The US government sent weapons, missiles, special training, equipment, food, medical supplies, communications, and satellite imagery to the Free Syrian Army from 2011 to 2016. Yet, the current exodus of evacuees from East Aleppo has not received even one loaf of bread from USA.  While the US backed FSA had many warehouses full of food and medicines they have left behind as they retreated deeper into East Aleppo. Finally, the  rebels  who agreed to vacate recently have burned all the medical supplies and food storages, which were the gifts of the American taxpayers, so as to prevent the distribution of those  supplies to the starving masses who have fled East Aleppo now.American citizens are currently very concerned about Syrian refugees coming to USA who may have had ties to terrorism.  The US backed  rebels  are exactly the type of people the American citizens should be afraid of as possible new neighbors, living in their midst as settled refugees.  They are the type of people who would chop off the head of their neighbor because his religion is not exactly the same as theirs.  They are the type of people who are willing to take money from a foreign government for the purpose of destroying their own community.  They are the type of people who do not value religious freedom, or minority rights. What would happen when the US backed  rebels , who may be settled in USA, decide to rebel against the American government? Will the US President and Congress call them  freedom fighters ? Or, perhaps America s enemies will fund and support their armed attacks on the US government and civilians?We should all be united in our plea: please stop supporting terrorism  in Syria, and around the world.Steven Sahiounie***21WIRE Special Contributor Steven Sahiounie is an American citizen born in Fresno, California.  He has been living permanently in Latakia, Syria, which was his father s original hometown.  Steven is a freelance journalist and University student studying English Literature.  READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"February 1, 2017",0
Treasury secretary's wife apologizes for Instagram sniping,"(Reuters) - The wife of U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on Tuesday apologized for sniping at a critic on social media site Instagram who called her “deplorable” for a post highlighting her expensive clothing as she exited a government plane. The flap erupted after Mnuchin’s wife, Scottish-born actress Louise Linton, posted a photo of herself emerging from the aircraft wearing a white outfit and sunglasses, using the hashtags “#tomford,” “#hermesscarf” and “#valentino,” according to images of the Monday evening post on social media. In her initially vitriolic response to the “deplorable” criticism, Linton had lashed out about how much she and her husband contribute to the economy and pay in taxes.  On Tuesday, she scrolled back. “I apologize for my post on social media yesterday as well as my response. It was inappropriate and highly insensitive,” Linton said in a statement released through a publicist. Linton has since made her Instagram account private. Jenni Miller, who identified herself as a mother of three from Portland, Oregon, had said of Linton’s original post on Instagram: “Glad we could pay for your little getaway. #deplorable.”  Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during her unsuccessful presidential run that some of U.S. President Donald Trump’s supporters were a “basket of deplorables.” Linton shot back at Miller. “Do you think the US govt paid for our honeymoon or personal travel?! Lololol,” she said, according to images of the response posted online. “Have you given more to the economy than me and my husband? Either as an individual earner in taxes OR in self sacrifice to your country? I’m pretty sure we paid more taxes toward our day ‘trip’ than you did.” The U.S. Treasury did not respond to requests for comment. The high-end fashions Linton called out in her post carry hefty price tags, with Hermes scarves retailing from $300 to more than $2,300. Mnuchin is a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) executive and Hollywood film financier. Linton has been at the center of controversy before. Last year she withdrew a self-published book in which she claimed to have been caught up in violence in Zambia. African leaders and aid workers said the book was filled with factual errors. Trump ran on a populist campaign platform, vowing to improve the lives of working Americans and has surrounded himself with a cabinet heavy on corporate titans, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a former chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N), and financier Wilbur Ross, now the commerce secretary. ",politicsNews,"August 22, 2017 ",1
"Ahead of Obama visit, Cuba says ready to talk about rights","HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba is willing to talk with the United States about human rights, its top diplomat for U.S. relations said on Thursday in reference to a historic visit by U.S. President Barack Obama set for March. The White House earlier said Obama would raise Washington’s concerns about rights to free speech, free assembly and independent civil society during his two-day Cuba trip, the first by a sitting U.S. president since 1928. “Cuba is open to speak to the U.S. government about any topic, including human rights,” Josefina Vidal, director of U.S. affairs for the Cuban Foreign Ministry, told reporters after the White House said Obama would travel to Cuba on March 21-22. The trip follows the two countries’ move in 2014 to reopen ties after more than 50 years of hostile relations. But Vidal made clear that Cuba’s idea of what constituted human rights did not coincide with Washington’s perception. “We have different ideas (about rights), in the same way that different ideas exist about other topics like democracy, political models and international relations, she told reporters. “We hope that President Obama will have the opportunity to converse with the real Cuban civil society,” Vidal said, using a term to draw a distinction from the opposition, which the government considers illegitimate. Cuba says critics of its human rights record overlook a low crime rate and guaranteed healthcare and education. Obama will meet with dissidents when he visits Cuba, the White House said. Republicans complained that the trip would lend legitimacy to the island’s Communist government.  Anti-government activists face harassment and short-term detention if they gather and protest in Cuba. The Cuban Commission of Human Rights and National Reconciliation, a dissident group, says there has been a spike in such detentions since November.  Cuba released 53 political prisoners around the time of rapprochement in December 2014. But there are still about 90 political prisoners in Cuba, the commission said on Thursday, an increase of about 20 since it issued its annual report in June 2015. The Cuban government see the dissidents as a tiny minority with little public support and financed indirectly by Washington. ",politicsNews,"February 18, 2016 ",1
U.S. panel urges ban on China state firms buying U.S. companies,"WASHINGTON/HONG KONG (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers should take action to ban China’s state-owned firms from acquiring U.S. companies, a congressional panel charged with monitoring security and trade links between Washington and Beijing said on Wednesday. In its annual report to Congress, the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission said the Chinese Communist Party has used state-backed enterprises as the primary economic tool to advance and achieve its national security objectives. The report recommended Congress prohibit U.S. acquisitions by such entities by changing the mandate of CFIUS, the U.S. government body that conducts security reviews of proposed acquisitions by foreign firms. “The Commission recommends Congress amend the statute authorizing the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to bar Chinese state-owned enterprises from acquiring or otherwise gaining effective control of U.S. companies,” the report said. CFIUS, led by the U.S. Treasury and with representatives from eight other agencies, including the departments of Defense, State and Homeland Security, now has veto power over acquisitions from foreign private and state-controlled firms if it finds that a deal would threaten U.S. national security or critical infrastructure. If enacted, the panel’s recommendation would essentially create a blanket ban on U.S. purchases by Chinese state-owned enterprises. The report “has again revealed the commission’s stereotypes and prejudices,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said in Beijing.  “We ask that Chinese companies investing abroad abide by local laws and regulations, and we hope that relevant countries will create a level playing field,” he told a daily news briefing. The panel’s report is purely advisory, but could carry extra weight this year because they come as President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team is formulating its trade and foreign policy agenda and vetting candidates for key economic and security positions. Congress also could be more receptive, after U.S. voter sentiment against job losses to China and Mexico helped Republicans retain control of both the House and the Senate in last week’s election. Trump strongly criticized China throughout the U.S. election campaign, grabbing headlines with his pledges to slap 45 percent tariffs on imported Chinese goods and to label the country a currency manipulator on his first day in office. “Chinese state owned enterprises are arms of the Chinese state,” Dennis Shea, chairman of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, told a news conference. “We don’t want the U.S. government purchasing companies in the United States, why would we want the Chinese Communist government purchasing companies in the United States?” The recommendation to change laws governing CFIUS was one of 20 proposals the panel made to Congress. On the military side, it called for a government investigation into how far outsourcing to China has weakened the U.S. defense industry. The 16-year-old panel also said Congress should pass legislation that would require its pre-approval of any move by the U.S. Commerce Department to declare China a “market economy” and limit anti-dumping tariffs against the country. The United States and U.S. businesses attracted a record $64.5 billion worth of deals involving buyers from mainland China this year, more than any other country targeted by Chinese buyers, according to Thomson Reuters data.  The push into the United States is part of a global overseas buying spree by Chinese companies that this year has seen a record $200 billion worth of deals, nearly double last year’s tally.  CFIUS has shown a higher degree of activism against Chinese buyers this year, catching some by surprise. Prominent deals that fell victim to CFIUS include Tsinghua Holdings’ $3.8 billion investment in Western Digital (WDC.O).     Overall, data do not demonstrate CFIUS has been a significant obstacle for Chinese investment in the United States. In 2014, the latest year for which data is available, China topped the list of foreign countries in CFIUS review with 24 deals reviewed out of more than 100 scrutinized by CFIUS. Although the number of Chinese transactions reviewed rose in absolute terms, it fell as a share of overall Chinese acquisitions, the report noted, and the vast majority of deals reviewed by CFIUS were cleared. ",politicsNews,"November 16, 2016 ",1
FIRST PERSON TO BE KILLED By Terrorist In Speeding Truck Was Activist Who Helped Refugees Like The One Who Killed Her Stay In Sweden,"A Belgian psychologist and mother-of-one who worked with asylum seekers facing deportation has been named as the latest victim of Friday s jihadi atrocity in Stockholm.Males Dereymaeker, 31, was waiting for friends from work on the corner of Drottninggatan and Olof Palmes gata when the terrorist struck.She was the first victim to be hit by the speeding lorry and died instantly at the scene.It took forensic experts two days to identify her mangled body from DNA samples.Ms Dereymaeker, who was from the small town of Lembeek near Brussels and had an 18-month-old toddler, worked with illegal immigrants facing deportation like her killer, Rakhmat Akilov.Today, as Sweden held a minute s silence for the victims, politicians demanded greater powers to monitor failed asylum seekers.Activists even managed to hijack memorials for the victims with politically correct messages like the sign seen below that reads,  Terrorism Isn t [sic] A Religion :The tough new measures are being demanded after it was revealed the alleged killer Rakhmat Akilove, 39, had been told to leave Sweden in December. He was given four weeks to leave, but disappeared from his last known address.The fanatic, who killed four in Friday s carnage, told the Swedish Migration Board that he had been arrested during a demonstration and was subsequently tortured by police for nine days.However, a medical examination showed that torture had not taken place.Investigators concluded that his identity could not be confirmed as he had used several aliases when applying for asylum.A court also questioned his version of events, saying that his description of conditions in prison was too vague. He was unable to describe its appearance and anybody who was in prison with him.Read more: Daily Mail",left-news,"Apr 11, 2017",0
" After Loss, Democratic Senate Candidate Writes Statement That EVERY SINGLE Progressive Should See","Let s get something straight here   Americans did not elect Donald Trump. Our system did. And although Republicans retained majorities in both houses of Congress, they did so extremely narrowly, and it s very likely that more people voted Democratic than Republican. Sound unfair? It is.With that in mind, it s not over. It s never over. The causes progressives fight for still need our voices, our action, and in the not-too-distant future, our votes. We need to start organizing right now, today, to undo all of the damage Republicans are going to do over the next two years. There are no other options on the table other than to fight tooth and nail at every level.Luckily, it appears that some Democratic leaders understand that. Jason Kander, a veteran and rising star in the Democratic Party, was the secretary of state in Missouri   a very red state. You may remember him as the candidate that advocated for background checks while assembling a rifle blindfolded:Kander lost by only three points in a red state that voted for Trump by 19 percent, while running against an incumbent with 20 years in Washington   Republican Senator Roy Blunt. That s huge   and if Democrats hope to regain power, they re going to need candidates like Kander that can help them stay competitive when it comes to communicating with the white working class (who just MASSIVELY voted against their own interests). That s why it s extremely heartening to see that he s FAR from giving up. In a statement on his campaign website, Jason Kander states:This is the message where I m supposed to thank you for all you ve done for me, tell you how much it meant to me, and then say my goodbyes and wish you luck on your journey. I m supposed to say something like,  Perhaps our paths will cross again. But that s not how I roll. Of course, I am thankful to you and I m forever grateful for this experience. But why wouldn t I be? Let s talk about something important.We re all disappointed about Tuesday night s results. We lost an election. In fact, we   the Democrats   lost a whole mess of elections on Tuesday.But please know that I m going to be fine. My wife is gorgeous and brilliant and my son True is my best little buddy in the world. We are not the people who will be hurt by these election results. So please don t spend any time being sad for me. If you re going to be sad for someone, make it the single mom who has cancer and is scared to death about being unable to keep her insurance to continue treatments without Obamacare. Worry about the undocumented student who has only ever known this country and is worried about what happens to her now. Worry about the minimum wage worker trying to stretch $30 into a full grocery trip. Let your heart go out to the college student saddled with enormous debt and unable to get help from a parent whose own graduate degree has forced him into bankruptcy.I met each of those people, in real life, during this campaign. And it fueled me the whole way. But here s the thing, that fuel is still in my tank. Why? I love this country and I won t let losing an election force me away from the process.Pick yourself up. Dust yourself off. Yes, Donald Trump is going to be President and the Republicans control the House and the Senate, but I need that to double your resolve, not cause you to give up on our politics.You can read the rest of his statement here.If you agree this is EXACTLY the attitude we need right now, make sure to share this around. We cannot afford to ever give up.Featured image by Whitney Curtis/Getty Images",News,"November 10, 2016",0
Japan's Emperor Akihito likely to abdicate at end-March 2019: Asahi,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Emperor Akihito is likely to abdicate at the end of March 2019 and Crown Prince Naruhito is expected to ascend the throne in April, the first abdication by a Japanese monarch in nearly two centuries, the Asahi newspaper reported on Friday. The government is in the final stage of formalizing the schedule, said the Asahi, citing several sources. In June, Japan s parliament passed a law allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate and the government needs to hammer out the details including the timing.  Japan s top government spokesman denied the Asahi report.  We are not aware of the report and there is not such fact,  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference.  We will continue to discuss appropriately and will do our best to carry out the emperor s abdication smoothly,  he said. Akihito, 83, who has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer, said in rare public remarks last year he feared age might make it hard for him to continue to fulfill his duties.  He will be succeeded by Naruhito, 57, and a new era will start from April 1, the Asahi reported. The abdication law, which applies only to Akihito and not to future emperors, included a resolution to debate letting female royals stay in the imperial family after marriage but did not touch on the controversial topic of allowing women to inherit. Asahi said the expected 2019 abdication schedule would minimize the impact on people in changing to a new imperial reign from the current Heisei Era, which started in 1989 after the death of Akihito s father Hirohito, according to the Asahi.  The Imperial Household Agency also wanted the transition to take place in spring 2019 as many ritual events are scheduled for the imperial family in autumn and winter, the report said. Akihito, the first Japanese emperor who was never considered divine, has worked for decades at home and abroad to soothe the wounds of World War Two which was fought in his father Hirohito s name.  In a written remarks of her 83rd birthday on Friday, Empress Michiko said that she thought this year her travels with Emperor Ahikito around Japan might be their last and have become deeply emotional.  The Empress also said she felt  an immeasurable sense of peace  that Akihito will be able to rest and spend quiet days after years of pursuing how the Emperor should be. ",worldnews,"October 20, 2017 ",1
" Of All The Candidates Running For President, Only One Pays Their Interns","Here s a nice little factoid for you: out of all the candidates running for president this year, only one actually pays their interns. Can you take a guess as to who that one person might be? It s none other than your favorite democratic socialist, Senator Bernie Sanders.You heard that right: No one else, not Donald Trump, not even Hillary Clinton, pay their interns, not in a house, not in a tree, not anywhere (to borrow a line from Dr. Suess).The Washington Post ran an unofficial investigation from the angle of how  Presidential candidates ignore the costs of unpaid internships  despite their rhetoric to the contrary. It s particularly fitting considering they talk a big game about the  eroding middle class and rising social inequality,  yet they treat their own workers like slaves.Even the leading Republican candidates talk about income inequality openly, even though they may not get as much press coverage on the topic, yet still, somehow Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump don t care enough to pay their interns. Not Bernie Sanders, though. He pays his interns $10.10 an hour. Not too shabby!While we will admit this is nowhere close to the $15.00 an hour Bernie advocates for on the campaign trail, it s far and above anything else the other candidates are offering.If you believe in a higher minimum wage, this should be important to you. If you think workers need to be treated with respect, this difference between the candidates should be important to you. What better predictor is there for how a candidate is going to conduct themselves in office than how they conduct their own campaign?Featured image via Flickr",News,"February 12, 2016",0
KELLYANNE CONWAY On Trump’s Terrorism Policy: We need “more careful and extreme vetting” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cVugq2GbBk,politics,"Dec 23, 2016",0
MUSLIM SCHOLAR CRITICIZES OBAMA…Explains Why Americans Need To Give President-Elect Trump A Chance [VIDEO],".@MissDiagnosis: ""He's our president and I think it's very important as a citizen for us to support him."" pic.twitter.com/QV6XUi89Le  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 20, 2016",politics,"Nov 20, 2016",0
Russia's Lavrov and U.S. Tillerson discuss Syria: Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov held a phone call on the Syria crisis with his American counterpart Rex Tillerson, the ministry said in a statement on Friday. Lavrov and Tillerson spoke late on Thursday and discussed cooperation in their attempts to resolve the Syrian crisis with an emphasis on de-escalation zones, the ministry said. ",worldnews,"September 15, 2017 ",1
HOLY FREEDOM OF SPEECH! Obama’s Attorney General Promises To Punish Americans For Anti-Muslim Speech…UPDATE: Why Lynch May Be “Most Likely Candidate” To Quickly Push Through Supreme Court Justice Nomination Process,"UPDATE: A leading Supreme Court analyst thinks Attorney General Loretta Lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.Tom Goldstein, who runs the influential SCOTUSblog, had earlier predicted Ninth Circuit Judge Paul Watford would make the top of President Obama s shortlist. But in a revised blog post, Goldstein said he now believes Lynch is the leading contender.Lynch is a  very serious possibility,  Goldstein wrote.  The fact that Lynch was vetted so recently for attorney general also makes it practical for the president to nominate her in relatively short order.  Via: NBC NewsSocial media users beware! You ve been warned by Obama s henchwoman, Attorney General Loretta Lynch The day after a horrific shooting spree by a  radicalized  Muslim man and his partner in San Bernardino, California, Attorney General Loretta Lynch pledged to a group of Muslim activists that she would take aggressive action against anyone who used  anti-Muslim rhetoric  that  edges toward violence. Speaking to the audience at the Muslim Advocate s 10th anniversary dinner Thursday, Lynch said her  greatest fear  is the  incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric  in America and vowed to prosecute any guilty of what she deemed violence-inspiring speech. She said:The fear that you have just mentioned is in fact my greatest fear as a prosecutor, as someone who is sworn to the protection of all of the American people, which is that the rhetoric will be accompanied by acts of violence. My message to not just the Muslim community but to the entire American community is: we cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on.Assuring the pro-Muslim group that  we stand with you,  Lynch said she would use her Justice Department to protect Muslims from  violence  and discrimination.Claiming that violence against Muslims is on the rise and citing France s clamp down on potentially radicalized mosques, Lynch suggested the Constitution does not protect  actions predicated on violent talk  and pledged to prosecute those responsible for such actions. When we talk about the First Amendment we [must] make it clear that actions predicated on violent talk are not American,  said Lynch.  They are not who we are, they are not what we do, and they will be prosecuted. My message not just to the Muslim community but to all Americans is  We cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on,'  said Lynch.It is painfully clear that, like her predecessor Eric Holder, Lynch is far more concerned with promoting the social justice agenda than protecting the Constitutional rights of American citizens. What exactly is speech that  edges toward violence ? What exactly are  actions predicated on violent talk ? In the end, it is whatever she decides it to mean. Via: Daily Wire",politics,"Dec 4, 2015",0
Pentagon delivers draft plan to defeat Islamic State to White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Pentagon-led preliminary plan to defeat Islamic State was delivered to the White House on Monday and U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was expected to brief senior administration officials, a Defense Department spokesman told reporters. Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters that it was the framework for a broader plan and looked at Islamic State around the world, not just Iraq and Syria. Davis said the plan would define what defeating Islamic State meant and was one that would “rapidly” defeat the militant group.  He added that Mattis would discuss the plan, which is primarily a written one with accompanying graphics, with members of the Cabinet-level Principals Committee. The review of U.S. strategy comes at a decisive moment in the U.S.-led coalition effort against Islamic State in both Iraq and Syria, and could lead to relaxing some of the former Obama administration’s policy restrictions, like limits on troop numbers. The Trump administration has said defeating “radical Islamic terror groups” is among its top foreign policy goals. The Baghdad-based U.S. commander on the ground, Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, has said he believes U.S.-backed forces would recapture both of Islamic State’s major strongholds - the cities of Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in Syria - within the next six months. Iraqi forces expect a fierce battle against Islamic State to retake Mosul. In Syria, the United States must soon decide whether to arm Syrian Kurdish YPG fighters, despite objections from NATO ally Turkey, which brands the militia group as terrorists. The U.S. military-led review includes input from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, as well as from the Treasury Department and the U.S. intelligence community. Davis said that in addition to diplomacy, the plan would include a military framework that builds on capabilities and goals on the battlefield. Experts have said the Pentagon could request additional forces, beyond the less than 6,000 American troops now deployed to both Iraq and Syria, helping the U.S. military go farther and do more in the fight. They also said the Pentagon may focus on smaller-scale options like increasing the number of attack helicopters and air strikes as well as bringing in more artillery. The military may also seek more authority to make battlefield decisions. ",politicsNews,"February 27, 2017 ",1
" Republican Trashes Senate’s Health Care Bill, Accuses Them Of ‘Trying To Hide Something’ (VIDEO)","The Senate Republicans have attracted loads of criticism and backlash for being super shady and secretive while creating their latest version of the American Health Care Act   and rightfully so. This has taken place behind closed doors, with very little information being let out to the American public. Luckily, some GOPers are taking a stand against it.Rep. Pete King (R-NY) didn t mince his words as he railed against his fellow conservative lawmakers. In an interview with Long Island radio host Jay Oliver earlier today, King went off on Senate Republicans and accused them of  trying to hide something  in a blistering rant. King said: Listen, there has to be private meetings all the time, but I think there should be more public debate on it. It looks like they re trying to hide something and it does add to conspiracy theories and everything else. Oliver suggested that the secrecy of the Republican Party over this made it look like Senate GOPers were trying to do something  underhanded,  and King couldn t agree more. Proving that there are some Republicans who actually do have spines, King said: This looks too secretive. It s going to put a cloud over the whole final product Keeping America and other politicians in the dark is a bad move for Senate Republicans, and will likely result in failure. Many Democrats and GOPers are highly concerned about what s being done in these Senate meetings, and many are openly condemning the drafting process. You can listen to King trash the Senate below:King has spoken his mind before, many times against his own party. King trashed the GOP a second time today when it came to the victory of Karen Handel last night in Georgia s special election. While many GOPers were celebrating, King criticized Trump for his Twitter behavior, and told the tweet-happy POTUS don t bother tweeting. Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"June 21, 2017",0
 Woman Gets Death Threats Just For Posting A Picture With Hillary Clinton,"After last week s election, Hillary supporters found a modicum of comfort in a photo, which quickly went viral. The photo was taken the day after the election. A woman named Margot Gerster, who was hiking through the woods in Upstate New York, ran into Hillary and Bill Clinton. Gerster snapped a photo of her and the Democratic nominee and innocently uploaded it to social media. That s when the sh*t hit the fan and she began receiving death threats.The photo was simply of the two women and Gerster s baby. It in no way questioned or even referenced Donald Trump s election. Instead, it was a reassurance that life goes on, even after a crushing defeat.Within what seemed like hours, the conservative media attacks began. The chance encounter had to be fake, the argument went, because Gerster had met Hillary Clinton once before, many years ago. As if people don t have chance encounters with people they have previously met.Gerster admits she met Clinton when she was a teenager, but that had nothing to do with last Wednesday s chance encounter: It was so long ago,I do not remember. All I knew was that I was going to a nice dinner and Hillary Clinton was there,  she said.The mom dismissed accusations she s a long-time ally of the Clintons who secretly planned and engineered the heart-warming, post-election snap. If I were long-time friends of the Clintons, I wouldn t be keeping that a secret. I d be bragging about it to everyone I know,  Gerster said.Source: New York PostGerster insists, and Federal Election Commission records confirm, that she didn t even donate to Clinton.But, conservatives never let facts get in the way of a good conspiracy theory and Gerster says she s been getting death threats, although there s no record she s reported them to the cops. I don t want to discuss this anymore,  said Gerster, 30.  This story needs to go away. It got a lot of positive feedback from a lot of people, but I don t want this to add on to this (blowback), I don t want to fuel the fire. Who can blame her? Trump has clearly unleashed an ugly and violent underbelly in America. No one is safe.Featured image via Margot Gerster screen capture. ",News,"November 15, 2016",0
SWANKY NYC HOTEL TURNS AWAY NAVY OFFICER FOR WEARING UNIFORM [Video],"Because you can t take a chance that a sailor in uniform might offend an anti-military patron Manhattan s swanky Standard hotel has issued an apology after a Navy officer wearing her iconic white uniform was turned away by a bouncer   during Fleet Week.The sailor was blocked at the elevator to the Top of The Standard lounge around 8 p.m. Saturday when she arrived with three others who wore cocktail attire, one member of the spurned group told the Daily News on Monday. We walked in, went to the elevator and were stopped by a doorman who said,  Hey man, there s a dress code,  said Ryan O Connor, the husband of the sailor s cousin.  I said,  Wait, are you rejecting us because someone is in a service uniform?  He kind of rolled his eyes and wouldn t budge. I was wearing a $400 blazer and dress shoes. We were all dressed nice. The only person sticking out was the Navy officer,  he said. The sailor requested anonymity.O Connor, a 32-year-old tech consultant, said he asked someone at the hotel s front desk to intervene on his group s behalf and was told the decision was up to the  lounge s discretion. We were all shocked and upset,  he said.  This was Memorial Day weekend and walking distance from Ground Zero. This should have been a no-brainer. The Rhode Island sailor stationed in Virginia declined to give an interview Monday, but her relatives spoke out and sent an email to The Standard s management expressing their outrage at her treatment. A general manager responded to the family by email Sunday and invited the sailor back. We most certainly do appreciate and take a lot of pride (in) all the young people giving their lives to defend our nation,  manager Nayara Branco wrote to the family. As per regular protocol, our team at the Top of The Standard is instructed to enforce a dress code   which obviously should not apply to military uniforms. Once again, our sincere apologies for the miscommunication at our end, the issue has been brought to all of our team s attention and it will certainly not repeat itself,  the manager at Top of The Standard & Le Bain said. It would be a great honor to host her and her fellow colleagues  at some point in the future, she wrote.Via: NYDaily News",left-news,"May 28, 2015",0
HILLARY SCUMBAGS TORCH Navy Veteran’s Home For Supporting Donald Trump [Video],"Smith flies three flags in front of his house: the American flag, the POW flag, and the Navy flag. We supported Trump from when he started running for office,  says Matthew s wife Brittany.  We never made it public. We never had a sign in our backyard, so no one really knew we were pro Trump. But Matthew says he s been very active on Facebook, with posts supporting Trump, the Second Amendment, and other conservative causes. Investigators are looking into possible connections with arsonists. Earlier this month, anti-Trump graffiti was sprayed on two mobile homes near Mango. Investigators say someone tried to light one of them on fire. The Smiths, who have two young children, say times have been hard recently.Read more: FOX13",politics,"Dec 1, 2016",0
U.S. Senate to vote on Montenegro's NATO membership,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will vote next week on the ratification of Montenegro as the newest member of the NATO alliance, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday, after the Trump administration urged lawmakers to take up the long-delayed matter. Reuters reported on Tuesday that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had written to the leaders of the Senate to say Montenegro’s membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was “strongly in the interests of the United States.” All 28 of NATO’s members must ratify Montenegro’s accession before it can formally join the alliance. The vote in the U.S. Senate was held up for months when at least two Republican senators, Rand Paul and Mike Lee, blocked a quick vote. The Senate’s Republican leadership had not scheduled a more time-consuming roll call vote until Thursday. McConnell announced in the Senate that there would be a procedural vote on Monday evening, which should clear the way for a final ratification vote later in the week. Senate aides said they expected the Senate would approve of Montenegro’s NATO membership when the vote takes place. ",politicsNews,"March 23, 2017 ",1
We don't know what Trump has decided on Paris climate deal: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government does not know what U.S. President Donald Trump has decided on the Paris climate agreement, a spokeswoman said on Wednesday. Axios news outlet reported on Wednesday that Trump had decided to withdraw from the accord. Trump refused to endorse the accord at a G7 summit on Saturday and tweeted that he would make an announcement this week. “Like you I’ve seen the reports but I don’t have any information beyond that,” German government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer told reporters. “So I can only reiterate the well-known position that the German government unequivocally supports the Paris climate agreement and is campaigning for it to be quickly implemented and hopes the USA remains committed to this agreement,” she added. ",politicsNews,"May 31, 2017 ",1
IRAQ 1991: US Carpet Bombs ‘Highway of Death’,"ROAR MagI want to give testimony on what are called the  highways of death. These are the two Kuwaiti roadways, littered with remains of 2,000 mangled Iraqi military vehicles, and the charred and dismembered bodies of tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers, who were withdrawing from Kuwait on February 26th and 27th 1991 in compliance with UN resolutions.US planes trapped the long convoys by disabling vehicles in the front, and at the rear, and then pounded the resulting traffic jams for hours.  It was like shooting fish in a barrel,  said one US pilot. The horror is still there to see.On the inland highway to Basra is mile after mile of burned, smashed, shattered vehicles of every description   tanks, armored cars, trucks, autos, fire trucks, according to the March 18, 1991, Time magazine. On the sixty miles of coastal highway, Iraqi military units sit in gruesome repose, scorched skeletons of vehicles and men alike, black and awful under the sun, says the Los Angeles Times of March 11, 1991. While 450 people survived the inland road bombing to surrender, this was not the case with the 60 miles of the coastal road. There for 60 miles every vehicle was strafed or bombed, every windshield is shattered, every tank is burned, every truck is riddled with shell fragments. No survivors are known or likely. The cabs of trucks were bombed so much that they were pushed into the ground, and it s impossible to see if they contain drivers or not. Windshields were melted away, and huge tanks were reduced to shrapnel. Even in Vietnam I didn t see anything like this. It s pathetic,  said Major Bob Nugent, an Army intelligence officer. This one-sided carnage, this racist mass murder of Arab people, occurred while White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater promised that the US and its coalition partners would not attack Iraqi forces leaving Kuwait. This is surely one of the most heinous war crimes in contemporary history. The Iraqi troops were not being driven out of Kuwait by US troops as the Bush administration maintains. They were not retreating in order to regroup and fight again. In fact, they were withdrawing, they were going home, responding to orders issued by Baghdad, announcing that it was complying with Resolution 660 and leaving Kuwait. At 5:35 p.m. (Eastern standard Time) Baghdad radio announced that Iraq s Foreign Minister had accepted the Soviet cease-fire proposal and had issued the order for all Iraqi troops to withdraw to postions held before August 2, 1990 in compliance with UN Resolution 660. President Bush responded immediately from the White House saying (through spokesman Marlin Fitzwater) that  there was no evidence to suggest the Iraqi army is withdrawing. In fact, Iraqi units are continuing to fight. . . We continue to prosecute the war.  On the next day, February 26, 1991, Saddam Hussein announced on Baghdad radio that Iraqi troops had, indeed, begun to withdraw from Kuwait and that the withdrawal would be complete that day. Again, Bush reacted, calling Hussein s announcement  an outrage  and  a cruel hoax. Eyewitness Kuwaitis attest that the withdrawal began the afternoon of February 26, 1991 and Baghdad radio announced at 2:00 AM (local time) that morning that the government had ordered all troops to withdraw. The massacre of withdrawing Iraqi soldiers violates the Geneva Conventions of 1949, Common Article III, which outlaws the killing of soldiers who are out of combat. The point of contention involves the Bush administration s claim that the Iraqi troops were retreating to regroup and fight again. Such a claim is the only way that the massacre which occurred could be considered legal under international law. But in fact the claim is false and obviously so. The troops were withdrawing and removing themselves from combat under direct orders from Baghdad that the war was over and that Iraq had quit and would fully comply with UN resolutions. To attack the soldiers returning home under these circumstances is a war crime.Iraq accepted UN Resolution 660 and offered to withdraw from Kuwait through Soviet mediation on February 21, 1991. A statement made by George Bush on February 27, 1991, that no quarter would be given to remaining Iraqi soldiers violates even the US Field Manual of 1956. The 1907 Hague Convention governing land warfare also makes it illegal to declare that no quarter will be given to withdrawing soldiers. On February 26,199 I, the following dispatch was filed from the deck of the USS. Ranger, under the byline of Randall Richard of the Providence Journal: Air strikes against Iraqi troops retreating from Kuwait were being launched so feverishly from this carrier today that pilots said they took whatever bombs happened to be closest to the flight deck. The crews, working to the strains of the Lone Ranger theme, often passed up the projectile of choice . . . because it took too long to load. New York Times reporter Maureen Dowd wrote,  With the Iraqi leader facing military defeat, Mr. Bush decided that he would rather gamble on a violent and potentially unpopular ground war than risk the alternative: an imperfect settlement hammered out by the Soviets and Iraqis that world opinion might accept as tolerable. In short, rather than accept the offer of Iraq to surrender and leave the field of battle, Bush and the US military strategists decided simply to kill as many Iraqis as they possibly could while the chance lasted Continue this story at ROAR MagazineREAD MORE IRAQ NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iraq Files",US_News,"April 3, 2016",0
MOCKINGBIRD MIRROR: Declassified Docs Depict Deeper Link Between the CIA and American Media,"21st Century Wire says Over the past month, more than 12 million declassified documents from the CIA have been reportedly published online. While the intelligence docu-dump supposedly sheds additional light on covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, it also contains more evidence confirming the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media. In late January the UK s Guardian reported that the CIA themselves released millions of documents online: The CIA has published more than 12 million pages of declassified documents online, making decades of US intelligence files more easily accessible and searchable.The agency published the roughly 930,000 documents that make up the CIA Records Search Tool (Crest) on Tuesday. The online publication of the files was first reported by BuzzFeed News. Although all of the documents in Crest were part of the public record before Tuesday, they could only be inspected by visiting the National Archives in Maryland in person. Once at the archives, just four computers available only during business hours provided access to Crest. A lawsuit from the open-government nonprofit MuckRock prompted the CIA to make the documents available online. Further pressure to publish the documents came from the transparency advocate and journalist Michael Best, who began steadily scanning and uploading the documents one by one. Continuing, the Guardian reported that the CIA also kept files and documents on media organizations and individual reporters. In 2014, Best from MuckRock, filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit in order to get the CIA to post all of its documents online. Along the way, Best reportedly crowd-funded more than $15000 to  print out and then publicly upload the records, one by one, to apply pressure to the CIA. Although some mainstream outlets have been somewhat congratulatory of the CIA, many of the files released remain heavily redacted.In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird that was said to have infiltrated the American news media in particular, which propagandized the public through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups.  THE COMPANY    The Central Intelligence Agency of the United States. (Image Source: zerohedge.com)In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as published by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. More from Washington s Blog below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Washington s BlogNewly-declassified documents show that a senior CIA agent and Deputy Director of the Directorate of Intelligence worked closely with the owners and journalists of many of the largest media outlets:The United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities found in 1975 that the CIA submitted stories to the American press:Wikipedia adds details:After 1953, the network was overseen by Allen W. Dulles, director of the CIA. By this time, Operation Mockingbird had a major influence over 25 newspapers and wire agencies. The usual methodology was placing reports developed from intelligence provided by the CIA to witting or unwitting reporters. Those reports would then be repeated or cited by the preceding reporters which in turn would then be cited throughout the media wire services.The Office of Policy Coordination (OPC) was funded by siphoning off funds intended for the Marshall Plan [i.e. the rebuilding of Europe by the U.S. after WWII]. Some of this money was used to bribe journalists and publishers.In 2008, the New York Times wrote:During the early years of the cold war, [prominent writers and artists, from Arthur Schlesinger Jr. to Jackson Pollock] were supported, sometimes lavishly, always secretly, by the C.I.A. as part of its propaganda war against the Soviet Union. It was perhaps the most successful use of  soft power  in American history.A CIA operative told Washington Post owner Philip Graham   in a conversation about the willingness of journalists to peddle CIA propaganda and cover stories:You could get a journalist cheaper than a good call girl, for a couple hundred dollars a month.Famed Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein wrote in 1977:More than 400 American journalists   in the past twenty five years have secretly carried out assignments for the Central Intelligence Agency, according to documents on file at CIA headquarters.***In many instances, CIA documents show, journalists were engaged to perform tasks for the CIA with the consent of the managements of America s leading news organizations.***Among the executives who lent their cooperation to the Agency were [the heads of CBS, Time, the New York Times, the Louisville Courier Journal, and Copley News Service. Other organizations which cooperated with the CIA include [ABC, NBC, AP, UPI, Reuters], Hearst Newspapers, Scripps Howard, Newsweek magazine, the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Miami Herald and the old Saturday Evening Post and New York Herald Tribune.***There is ample evidence that America s leading publishers and news executives allowed themselves and their organizations to become handmaidens to the intelligence services.  Let s not pick on some poor reporters, for God s sake,  William Colby exclaimed at one point to the Church committee s investigators.  Let s go to the managements.***The CIA even ran a formal training program in the 1950s to teach its agents to be journalists. Intelligence officers were  taught to make noises like reporters,  explained a high CIA official, and were then placed in major news organizations with help from management.***Once a year during the 1950s and early 1960s, CBS correspondents joined the CIA hierarchy for private dinners and briefings.***Allen Dulles often interceded with his good friend, the late Henry Luce, founder of Time and Life magazines, who readily allowed certain members of his staff to work for the Agency and agreed to provide jobs and credentials for other CIA operatives who lacked journalistic experience.***In the 1950s and early 1960s, Time magazine s foreign correspondents attended CIA  briefing  dinners similar to those the CIA held for CBS.***When Newsweek was purchased by the Washington Post Company, publisher Philip L. Graham was informed by Agency officials that the CIA occasionally used the magazine for cover purposes, according to CIA sources.  It was widely known that Phil Graham was somebody you could get help from,  said a former deputy director of the Agency.  Frank Wisner dealt with him.  Wisner, deputy director of the CIA from 1950 until shortly before his suicide in 1965, was the Agency s premier orchestrator of  black  operations, including many in which journalists were involved. Wisner liked to boast of his  mighty Wurlitzer,  a wondrous propaganda instrument he built, and played, with help from the press.)***In November 1973, after [the CIA claimed to have ended the program], Colby told reporters and editors from the New York Times and the Washington Star that the Agency had  some three dozen  American newsmen  on the CIA payroll,  including five who worked for  general circulation news organizations.  Yet even while the Senate Intelligence Committee was holding its hearings in 1976, according to high level CIA sources, the CIA continued to maintain ties with seventy five to ninety journalists of every description executives, reporters, stringers, photographers, columnists, bureau clerks and members of broadcast technical crews. More than half of these had been moved off CIA contracts and payrolls but they were still bound by other secret agreements with the Agency. According to an unpublished report by the House Select Committee on Intelligence, chaired by Representative Otis Pike, at least fifteen news organizations were still providing cover for CIA operatives as of 1976.***Those officials most knowledgeable about the subject say that a figure of 400 American journalists is on the low side  . There were a lot of representations that if this stuff got out some of the biggest names in journalism would get smeared   .An expert on propaganda testified under oath during trial that the CIA now employs THOUSANDS of reporters and OWNS its own media organizations. Whether or not his estimate is accurate, it is clear that many prominent reporters still report to the CIA.A 4-part BBC documentary called the  Century of the Self  shows that an American   Freud s nephew, Edward Bernays   created the modern field of manipulation of public perceptions, and the U.S. government has extensively used his techniques.More from Washington s Blog here READ MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE by subscribing and becoming a MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"March 1, 2017",0
 WATCH: Jake Tapper FLATTENS Trump Supporter For Citing Child Pimp As Witness Against Groping Claims,"Using a pimp for pedophiles as a witness is something only a sleazy and desperate lawyer would do.But former NYC mayor and Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani did it anyway during an appearance on CNN to defend Donald Trump against accusations of sexual assault and Jake Tapper was quick to burn him for it.From the start, it was clear that Giuliani is a hypocrite because while he absolutely believes the women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct, he refuses to believe the women who have come forward to say the the Republican nominee sexually assaulted them. So far, nine women made such claims about Trump. But Giuliani thinks they are all liars. Do you believe every one of these women is lying?  Tapper asked. No, I believe my friend Donald Trump when he tells me he didn t do it,  Giuliani replied.  I ve never seen him do anything like that. Well, of course you haven t, Rudy. You ve only been kissing Trump s ass since April. Trump has been groping women for decades as a private citizen.Giuliani then conceded that he hasn t investigated the women s claims but he attacked Jessica Leeds in particularly by bringing up an alleged witness to the alleged groping on an airplane in the 1980s. There is an independent witness who says it s not true,  Giuliani declared triumphantly.But a disgusted Tapper crushed Giuliani s attempt to defend Trump by pointing out that Anthony Gilberthorpe was a self-claimed pimp for pedophiles who delivered underage boys to British politicians, hardly a credible witness and certainly not the kind of witness an attorney worth their salt would want on the stand.Tapper then cornered Giuliani about his support of the women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct, noting that Donald Trump has paraded these women around and continues to talk about sexual assault even as his surrogates complain that the media hasn t moved on to covering something else.Hypocritically, instead of answering Tapper, Giuliani did just that and complained about the media and insisted that they move on from focusing on the sexual assault allegations against Trump. In fact, Giuliani was so desperate to stop talking about the sexual assault allegations that he rambled on and on for the remainder of the interview about other stuff Trump has talked about.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump should have to answer for these allegations all the way through Election Day and so should his supporters. These are serious accusations that have a lot of credibility considering Trump has openly bragged about groping women whenever he wants even if they don t want him to do so.And Trump has only made things more difficult for himself by bringing in Bill Clinton s accusers and trash talking the women who have come forward against him.Republicans have also made this more of a story by continuing to support Trump despite his comments and behavior.So really, the only one Giuliani should blame for the media circus surrounding Trump is Trump himself.But again, that would require Giuliani taking his lips off of Trump s ass first.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 16, 2016",0
Trump campaign reverses ban on credentials for some media outlets,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday  ended his ban on press credentials for some news outlets seeking to cover his campaign events, including The Washington Post and Buzzfeed, a policy that had drawn strong criticism from press freedom advocates. Trump’s ban at times also included Politico and The Huffington Post, following coverage that was critical of him. The banned organizations had continued covering his campaign, but they could not get credentials to formally attend his events, including sitting in the media section at rallies.  Those outlets now will be able to obtain media credentials, as well as travel with other reporters covering the Republican candidate, campaign spokesman Hope Hicks confirmed. Press freedom advocates strongly condemned such bans. Reporters without Borders said when the Post was banned in June that it was an “act of hostility” toward the media and a serious violation of press freedom. “Revoking press credentials was imprudent, pointless and offensive from the start. We’re pleased to see the ban come to a long-overdue end,” Washington Post Executive Editor Marty Baron said in a statement on Wednesday. Sam Stein, senior politics editor for the Huffington Post, said on Twitter the outlet was no longer blacklisted. “They even returned my email to confirm it,” he said of the Trump campaign. Reporters from the banned organizations had often gained access to Trump campaign events by waiting in the same lines as the general public, but they could be tossed out by members of his security team if discovered. Trump’s vice presidential running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, said last month that the campaign was discussing reversing the ban, but no change had been announced before Wednesday. “I figure they can’t treat me any worse,” Trump, a New York businessman, told CNN in a statement declaring the ban over. Trump is running against Democrat Hillary Clinton for the Nov. 8 election. ",politicsNews,"September 7, 2016 ",1
"France tells Libya to act over migrant ""crimes against humanity""","PARIS (Reuters) - France demanded on Wednesday an urgent U.N. Security Council session on human trafficking in Libya and raised the possibility of sanctions on the country after a video appearing to show African migrants sold as slaves there sparked global outrage. Convened by Italy, which struck a deal with Libya to slash the number of migrants reaching its shores, the Council on Tuesday unanimously backed a resolution urging tougher action to crack down on human trafficking and modern slavery worldwide. Speaking to lawmakers, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian suggested Paris wanted to take things further and called for an urgent session of the Council to specifically discuss the situation in Libya.  Libyan authorities, who have been alerted several times, including by myself because I was there in September, have decided to open an investigation into the facts,  Le Drian said.  We want it to go fast and if the Libyan justice system can not carry this procedure through then we should open international sanctions,  Le Drian said. Footage appearing to show African migrants sold as slaves in Libya has sparked an international outcry with protests erupting across Europe and Africa, while artists to soccer stars to U.N. officials have made pleas for the abuse to end. The video broadcast by CNN showed what it said was an auction of men offered to Libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400, a chilling echo of the trans-Saharan slave trade of centuries past.  What has been revealed is indeed trafficking of human beings, it s a crime against humanity,  Macron said during a news conference with African Union President Alpha Conde.  Macron said he wanted the U.N. Security Council to discuss what concrete steps could be taken to tackle the issue. A French diplomat said the U.N. session would likely be in coming days, probably next week, and would see what concrete measures could be taken to improve the situation.  Despite events in Libya, Conde put the blame firmly on the European Union, accusing it of encouraging the Libyans to keep migrants in the North African country despite there being no government.   What happened in Libya is shocking, scandalous, but we must establish the responsibilities,  said Conde.  In Libya there is no government, so the European Union can not choose a developing country and ask that country to detain refugees (...) when it doesn t have the means to do so,  he added.  The refugees are in terrible conditions ... so our European friends were not right to ask Libya to keep the migrants. The European Union is responsible.         Le Drian said he wanted the International Organization for Migration and the U.N. Refugee Agency to publish details about the trafficking of migrants in the country.  Libya splintered along political, ideological and tribal lines during and after a 2011 NATO-backed uprising that unseated former leader Muammar Gaddafi. In 2014 a battle for the capital led to rival parliaments and governments being set up in Tripoli and the east. ",worldnews,"November 22, 2017 ",1
Pakistan official details car chase that freed kidnapped U.S.-Canadian family," (This version of the story corrects spelling of Caitlan Coleman throughout) By Asif Shahzad ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani troops shot out the tyres of a vehicle carrying a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their children in a raid that led to the family s release after five years of being held hostage, a Pakistani security official said on Friday. U.S. drones were hovering near the northwestern Pakistani area where American Caitlan Coleman, her Canadian husband Joshua Boyle and their three children, all born in captivity, were freed, another security official said. Coleman and Boyle were held by the Taliban-linked Haqqani network after being kidnapped while backpacking in Afghanistan, and their rescue marked a rare positive note in often-fraught U.S.-Pakistan relations. The family flew out of Pakistan on Friday, according to a Pakistani airport official who saw them. It was not clear whether they were bound for Canada or the United States. A senior Pakistani security source on Friday detailed how the family were freed following a car chase in the northwestern tribal region bordering Afghanistan. He said Pakistani troops and intelligence agents, acting on a U.S. intelligence tip, zeroed in on a vehicle holding the family as they were being moved into Kurram tribal agency near the town of Kohat, some 60 km (37 miles) inside Pakistan. Agents from Pakistan s Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) spy agency and soldiers attempted to intercept the vehicle, but it sped away, according to the security source.  Our troops fired at the vehicle and burst its tyres,  he said, declining to be identified because he is not authorised to speak openly to the media. The kidnappers managed to escape, the security official added, saying the troops wouldn t fire at the fleeing captors for fear of harming the hostages. The army recovered the hostages safely from the car. Army spokesman Major General Asif Ghafoor told NBC News that the vehicle s driver and another militant had escaped to a nearby refugee camp. The family s rescue has been hailed by U.S. President Donald Trump as a  positive moment  for U.S.-Pakistan relations, which have frayed in recent years amid Washington s assertions that Islamabad has not been doing enough to tackle Haqqani militants who are believed to be on Pakistani soil. Trump, in a statement, said the release of the hostages showed Pakistan was acquiescing to  America s wishes for it to do more to provide security in the region . A second Pakistani security official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said U.S. drones on Wednesday had been seen circling Kohat, suggesting U.S. co-operation included sophisticated surveillance inside Pakistan. Kohat is deep inside Pakistani territory, next to the eastern edge of Kurram agency in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province  - outside the Afghan frontier zone where U.S. drones have in the past been tolerated by Pakistan. The U.S. embassy and the Pakistani military did not comment on the drone report. However, a Taliban commander in Pakistan with knowledge of the hostage family said U.S. drones flying in the area prompted their captors to move them.  We took care of this family like our own family members and special guests, but after frequent flying of U.S. drones on Kurram tribal region and its adjoining areas, it was decided to move them to a safer place,  said the Taliban official on condition of anonymity.  They were being shifted to a safer place when captured by the Pakistani forces.   Pakistani officials bristle at U.S. claims Islamabad is not doing enough to tackle Islamist militants, particularly the Haqqanis. After the release of the family, they emphasised the importance of co-operation and intelligence sharing by Washington, which has threatened to cut military aid and other punitive measures against Pakistan. Pakistan s military indicated the family were rescued shortly after entering Pakistan from Afghanistan, and a government official repeated that assertion on Friday.  We have been taking on the terrorists... So we have taken action based on the intelligence that was provided by the U.S. side,  said Foreign Ministry spokesman Nafees Zakaria. He added that he had no other details on the operation  maybe because they were abducted in Afghanistan, they were there in Afghanistan, and that could be the reason why you have not heard much about it . However, two Taliban sources with knowledge of the family s captivity said they had been kept in Pakistan in recent years. A U.S. government source in Washington also said there was no indication the family had been in Afghanistan. The Haqqani network operates on both sides of the porous Afghan-Pakistani border but senior militants have acknowledged they moved a major base of operations to Kurram agency in the tribal areas. The United States and Afghanistan say that safe havens inside Pakistan allow the Taliban, including the Haqqani network, to plan and launch attacks against the Western-backed Afghan government and U.S. and other foreign troops that support them. The Taliban have been fighting for 16 years to re-establish their ultra-Islamist regime that was toppled in a U.S.-backed military operation over sheltering the al Qaeda terrorist network that planned the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on U.S. cities. ",worldnews,"October 13, 2017 ",1
[VIDEO] FLASHBACK…MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. ON RIOTS: “We Can’t Win A Violent Revolution”,"Wouldn t it be great if our first  Black  President would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in Baltimore by and asking for calm? Is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a Community Organizer with an agenda? As long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression, then every city will sit on a powder keg and will explode over the slightest incident. This is why I have constantly said that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating. After all, the negro ends up on the losing end. We can t win a violent revolution. The persons who end up not being able to get milk for their children are the negros, because things where they have to live are destroyed. Dr. King: Nonviolence is the Most Powerful Weapon  Violence creates more social problems than it solves. ",politics,"Apr 27, 2015",0
 Alabama Republican Just Defended Pedophilia Using The Bible,"The Washington Post just came out with an explosive report about the extremist candidate that Alabama is running for the United States Senate, Roy Moore. This is a man who has said that homosexuality should be illegal, got removed from the Alabama Supreme Court twice for defying the United States Supreme Court   once over a giant monument of the Ten Commandments he refused to remove from the courthouse, and once for defying the Obergefell v. Hodges ruling that legalized same-sex marriage   and has always made incendiary and bigoted statements that are out of the mainstream even for the Republican Party. Now, it has come out that Moore molested a 14-year-old girl when he was in his 30 s.Now, one would think that this would be a bridge too far for anyone   especially the types of people who make entire political careers out of trying to legislate what goes on in other people s bedrooms on the basis of their twisted version of  morality,  but no. At least one Alabama Republican is defending Moore s actions, and he is using the Bible to do it. Alabama State Auditor Jim Ziegler says of what Moore allegedly did:Take the Bible. Zachariah and Elizabeth for instance. Zachariah was extremely old to marry Elizabeth and they became the parents of John the Baptist. Also take Joseph and Mary. Mary was a teenager and Joseph was an adult carpenter. They became parents of Jesus. So, let me get this straight. This guy is saying that what Moore did is A-okay because Jesus. This is insane, even for Republicans. Newsflash, Mr. Ziegler: Roy Moore is no Joseph from the Bible, and that young girl is no Mary. Further, it is absolutely absurd to suggest that a myth from a 2,000 year old holy text is some kind of justification for modern day pedophilia.I swear, these people will do anything to win. Then again, they elected Trump, so all bets are off these days. Here s yet another reason to make sure we take back Congress in 2018, Democrats. Let s bring some decency back to Washington.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",News,"November 9, 2017",0
U.S. watchdog agency to review implementation of Trump travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A watchdog agency at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said it is planning to review how President Donald Trump’s immigration executive order to temporarily suspend travel from seven majority-Muslim nations was implemented. The review of Friday’s order was being planned “in response to congressional request and whistleblower and hotline complaints,” the DHS’s Office of Inspector General said in a statement late Wednesday.  The watchdog agency would also look at “DHS’ adherence to court orders and allegations of individual misconduct on the part of DHS personnel,” the statement said. “If circumstances warrant, the OIG will consider including other issues that may arise during the course of the review.” The order, which barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries, triggered widespread protests and caused confusion for travelers around the world. It also spurred several legal challenges, in particular over the initial detention or barring from flights of legal permanent residents who hold U.S. green cards. The department does not comment on investigations by the Office of the Inspector General.  Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Tuesday that no member of the Homeland Security team intentionally ignored a court order and that the department was in compliance with judicial orders on immigration.  The White House said on Wednesday it had issued updated guidance making clear green card holders would not need a waiver to enter the United States. In California, a federal judge in Los Angeles ruled that Trump’s administration must allow immigrants with initial clearance for legal residency to enter the United States despite the ban. Massachusetts, New York, Virginia and Washington state have also challenged the order. Ali Vayeghan, an Iranian citizen and U.S. visa holder who was forced out of the country last week, became on Thursday the first person allowed back into United States because of the California court action. Vayeghan declined to comment on Trump or the order when speaking with reporters at Los Angeles International Airport but said through an interpreter, “This is what human rights look like.” The OIG statement said it would provide a final report to Kelly, the U.S. Congress and the public after its review but didn’t say how long the review would take. DHS includes the Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement agencies. Democratic U.S. Senators Tammy Duckworth and Dick Durbin had sought the investigation. “Though I’m encouraged by the DHS Inspector General’s decision to investigate the chaotic implementation of this un-American and unconstitutional executive order, I will continue to fight for it to be revoked,” Durbin said in a statement. (This version of the story has been refiled to correct day to Thursday from Wednesday in paragraph 10) ",politicsNews,"February 2, 2017 ",1
HOW MEXICO COULD ACTUALLY Benefit From A Trump Presidency,"It s easier to hate Trump and spew venom at him and his supporters than to use logic and reason Donald Trump has already forced Mexico to clean up its national image, underscoring how the country suffering from NAFTA could actually benefit from a Trump presidency.Mexico is launching a massive PR campaign to improve perceptions of the country after Trump exposed many of its problems, but this is a good thing: sometimes it takes your worst critic to enforce needed change.In fact, Trump s proposed border wall, hatred of the North American Free Trade Agreement and nationalistic views could help America s southern neighbor.For one thing, a lot of people don t realize NAFTA has fueled mass unemployment in Mexico, which has caused thousands of illegal immigrants to flood into the U.S. looking for jobs. There are no jobs [in Mexico] and NAFTA forced the price of corn so low that it s not economically possible to plant a crop anymore,  Rufino Dom nguez, the former coordinator of the Binational Front of Indigenous Organizations, revealed.  We come to the U.S. to work because we can t get a price for our product at home. There s no alternative. NAFTA disrupted Mexico s corn production so badly that 75,000 Iowa farmers were able to grow twice as much corn as 3,000,000 Mexican producers   and at half the cost because the U.S. maintained its corn subsidies under NAFTA.That resulted in the mass migration of Mexican farm workers flowing into America. The big wave in illegal immigration from Mexico began in the 1980s, but it picked up strongly after NAFTA   that wasn t unexpected,  NPR s Tim Robbins reported.And which presidential candidate has spoke out against NAFTA and other destructive trade agreements? Donald Trump. It s a disaster,  he said in Sept.  We will either renegotiate it, or we will break it. For entire story: Prison Planet ",left-news,"Apr 25, 2016",0
AGITPROP MACHINE: How the US create Fake Al Qaeda and ISIS videos,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireFollowing the invasion of Iraq in 2003, the Pentagon reportedly paid PR firm Bell Pottinger $540 million to produce fake terror videos used to steer Western political interests.If this latest report by the The Bureau of Investigative Journalism is accurate, the public is once again privy to another startling example of how deep-state social engineering impacts and propels larger geopolitical war campaigning.This latest Pentagon public relations scandal comes after an onslaught of summertime war propaganda images were found to have been fabricated by the George Soros and US-UK government-backed pseudo NGO known as The White Helmets.   WAR GAMES    (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)As 21WIRE recently reported,  Like so many celebrated attributes of the lauded White Helmets, the rescue numbers are clearly exaggerated. The so-called rebel-held  territories (in actuality, terrorist-held areas) in which the White Helmets exclusively operate, have very few civilians remaining in them. The majority of Syrian civilians have fled terrorist-held enclaves like East Aleppo into government protected areas like West Aleppo  a fact that is routinely glossed over by western media outlets because it runs counter to the storyline being pushed by the US and UK government, both of whom are funding the White Helmets. The creation of all of this modern day agitprop has most certainly contributed to an environment of confusion, fear and uncertainty in the War On Terror era   no doubt costing many lives in the process.  REPUTATION LAUNDERING    The controversial PR firm Bell Pottinger Group. (Image Source: mmbiztoday)The Pentagon, Pottinger & Fake TerrorAccording to The Bureau of Investigative Journalism, there was a secretive operation between Bell Pottinger and those in high-level security working with the Pentagon to create al Qaeda terror videos as well as influence global media outlets through various propaganda: The Pentagon gave a controversial UK PR firm over half a billion dollars to run a top secret propaganda programme in Iraq, the Bureau of Investigative Journalism can reveal.Bell Pottinger s output included short TV segments made in the style of Arabic news networks and fake insurgent videos which could be used to track the people who watched them, according to a former employee.The agency s staff worked alongside high-ranking US military officers in their Baghdad Camp Victory headquarters as the insurgency raged outside. Bell Pottinger s former chairman Lord Tim Bell, confirmed the shocking story with the Sunday Times, who worked alongside with the Bureau to uncover covert operations which were covered by various secrecy agreements,  and  The London-based PR agency was brought into Iraq soon after the US invasion. In March 2004 it was tasked by the country s temporary administration with the  promotion of democratic elections    a  high-profile activity  which it trumpeted in its annual report. Also according the former chairman Bell, Bell Pottinger reported to the Pentagon, the CIA and the National Security Council on its work in Iraq. In total, over half a billion dollars was spent on the creation of various psychological operations crafted by the Pentagon and Bell Pottinger. Additionally, the Bureau tracked Pottinger s work through US army contracting censuses, federal procurement transaction records and reports by the Department of Defense (DoD),  interviewing  half a dozen former officials and contractors involved in information operations in Iraq. The Bureau has identified transactions worth $540 million between the Pentagon and Bell Pottinger for information operations and psychological operations on a series of contracts issued from May 2007 to December 2011. A similar contract at around the same annual rate   $120 million   was in force in 2006, we have been told. According to Martin Wells, a freelance video editor who worked with Bell Pottinger to create the secretive Pentagon propaganda: The third and most sensitive programme described by Wells was the production of fake al Qaeda propaganda films. He told the Bureau how the videos were made. He was given precise instructions:  We need to make this style of video and we ve got to use al Qaeda s footage,  he was told.  We need it to be 10 minutes long, and it needs to be in this file format, and we need to encode it in this manner. US marines would take the CDs on patrol and drop them in the chaos when they raided targets. Wells said:  If they re raiding a house and they re going to make a mess of it looking for stuff anyway, they d just drop an odd CD there. The CDs were set up to use Real Player, a popular media streaming application which connects to the internet to run. Wells explained how the team embedded a code into the CDs which linked to a Google Analytics account, giving a list of IP addresses where the CDs had been played. The tracking account had a very restricted circulation list, according to Wells: the data went to him, a senior member of the Bell Pottinger management team, and one of the US military commanders. QUESTION: Were the CD terror video productions a new form of Cold War-style propaganda leaflet, serving to rouse the populace, or were they only for planting fabricated evidence?Apparently, it s both. And there s the third function: to collect I.P. addresses of anyone who viewed the CD while connected to the internet.The Daily Beast reported that the Pentagon acknowledged their working relationship with Pottinger: The Pentagon confirmed that Bell Pottinger did work for them as a contractor in Iraq under the Information Operations Task Force (IOTF), producing some material that was openly sourced to coalition forces, and some which was not. They insisted that all material put out by IOTF was  truthful. IOTF was not the only mission Bell Pottinger worked on however. Wells said some Bell Pottinger work was carried out under the Joint Psychological Operations Task Force (JPOTF), which a U.S. defense official confirmed.The official said he could not comment in detail on JPOTF activities, adding  We do not discuss intelligence gathering methods for operations past and present. According Wells, some of the clandestine projects went even higher up in Washington.  If [Petraeus] couldn t sign off on it, it would go on up the line to the White House, and it was signed off up there, and the answer would come back down the line . In 2011, former US General David Petraeus served as director of the CIA from September of 20111 to November of 2012   resigning after illegally providing classified material to his biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom he was having an affair.While the Bureau of Investigative Journalism claims appear to confirm the fever-pitch of  War On Terror  propaganda witnessed almost daily now   one should also note that the Bureau has also been awarded by Amnesty International, a military industrial complex connected so-called human rights group, in addition to working with the dubious Qatari-GCC linked media organization, Al Jazzera. The Bureau also suffered a huge reputation dent in 2012 over the BBC-Lord McAlpine affair. However, the Bureau seems to have gone through a revamp of sorts and did recently hire Meirion Jones as an Investigations Editor. Jones is best known for his investigation into the Jimmy Saville abuse scandal which was compounded by a BBC cover-up scandal.Fake ISIS Video Used by US MediaOn a comparative note, in February of 2015, terror analysis experts concluded that ISIS video footage appearing to show the executions of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians was indeed a faked.According to Florida-based Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium, the on camera murders of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians purported to have been decapitated   were ruled to have been  staged , due to the excessive anomalies seen in the dramatic 5 minute film entitled,  Signed With Blood: To The Nation Of The Cross. Editorial Director of the Florida-based Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium, Veryan Khan, told FOX News the following: The Islamic State s manipulation of their high-production videos has become commonplace. The background image shown was likely from another location, the Bay in Sirte, a part of the Mediterranean Sea on the northern coast of Libya. There are several technical mistakes in the video that show it was manipulated. According to Hollywood director Mary Lambert, who created the well-known horror film Pet Cemetery: The shot that seems really tampered with is the one with the really tall Jihadists and the dwarf Christians. The close-ups of Jihadists on the beach are most likely green screen. Prior to experts releasing their conclusion about the ISIS video production, here at 21WIRE, we outlined many of the film s irregularities and inconsistencies  proving that the film was indeed heavily orchestrated for maximum effect.   LARGER THAN LIFE     Notice the extreme height difference between the apparent ISIS members, as they dwarf the alleged Egyptian victims. (Photo link nationalpost.com)Staging A Crime: Public Relations, SITE & TerrorIn our first report regarding the Pentagon/Pottinger propaganda here at 21WIRE, some important ideas were raised. Perhaps most notably, how the public should perceive the ISIS related propaganda splashed all over Western media the past two years, and its use as a pretext for escalating US-led military involvement in Syria: Where this story gets really interesting is taken in context with all of the numerous staged ISIS and  Jihadi John  terrorist propaganda videos which flooded the US and British press and which were the basis for the entire US-led intervention against the so-called Islamic State in Syria. In addition, the character known as Jihadi John  has direct ties to British Security Services.  FAKE ISIS VIDEOS: This  Jihadi John  video was filmed in a studio, against a green screen. Was this produced by Bell Pottinger or a similar PR firm too? FOX News has since admitted that at least one of the ISIS beheading videos was staged in a studio. Part of Petraeus s deceptive operation also involved running an Arabic sector similar to US domestic propaganda efforts like Operation Mockingbird, where the Pentagon contractor would craft scripts for Arabic soap operas where characters would reject terrorism with happy consequences. This is especially interesting when considering that this Turkish TV program seems to predate the  Jihadi John  video genre, indicating that the same production team may have been employed in producing the fake green screen Jihadi John terror videos. Watch:In 2002, Rita Katz and Josh Devon founded Search for International Terrorist Entities Institute (SITE), which eventually developed into its current incarnation, as a propaganda outlet for high-profile terror groups such as al Qaeda and ISIS.The terror monitoring intelligence group is directly linked to both the CIA and Israeli intelligence. In 2006, the New Yorker article entitled,  Private Jihad: How Rita Katz got into the spying business,  discussed how SITE may have provided material support to would-be Jihadists via various message boards: Katz has a testy relationship with the government, sometimes acting as a consultant and sometimes as an antagonist. About a year ago, a SITE staffer, under an alias, managed to join an exclusive jihadist message board that, among other things, served as a debarkation point for many would-be suicide bombers. For months, the staffer pretended to be one of the jihadis, joining in chats and watching as other members posted the chilling messages known as  wills,  the final sign-offs before martyrdom. The staffer also passed along technical advice on how to keep the message board going.Continuing, the New Yorker outlined the serious nature of SITE s involvement with terror related entities from a legal perspective: Katz called officials in Washington, and was met with institutional resistance:  They said,  Oh, Rita, I m not sure you should even be communicating with them you might be providing material support! So, how exactly has SITE avoided any potential charges related to their organization, given that they ve admitted to providing advice to those potentially plotting attacks?Perhaps there s a better explanation Here s another look at a CNN interview with SITE founder and Israeli operative, Rita Katz, who admits,  we had that video beforehand and were able to beat them with the release . Notice how the intelligence group founder Katz, conveniently and calmly discusses acquiring the ISIS videos by claiming that the terror group needs a place to disseminate its exploits:In 2007, SITE came under fire for obtaining an alleged Bin Laden video a month prior to its release. In a sense, SITE was really functioning as a type of PR agent for the well-known terror avatar: Her [Rita Katz] firm provides intelligence about terrorist groups to a wide range of paying clients, including private firms and military and intelligence agencies from the United States and several other countries. Continuing: Katz said she decided to offer an advance copy of the bin Laden video to the White House without charge so officials there could prepare for its release. Many notable researchers and analysts have long believed that the now legendary  Bin Laden Raid  which took place in May 2011, was not only fabricated   but a propaganda ploy, with President Obama being the chief beneficiary by looking  tough on terror  during his re-election run against Mitt Romney. Even today, Hillary Clinton is also using the event as major part of her presidential campaign to covey her  national security  credentials. Based on our past research and reporting at 21WIRE, we ve also believed this to be case, making note of the obvious stagecraft some time ago: One thing which becomes clearer by the day about the fabled  Bin Laden Raid  which took place in Abbotabad, Pakistan, is that the US government has intentionally deceived the public about what happened. In other words, what President Obama described when he addressed the American people following  the raid    was a work of pure fiction. In addition, the bizarre and still relatively unexplained deaths of many SEAL Team 6 members taking place immediately after the alleged Bin Laden Raid has been be more cause for suspicion.The Bin Laden Raid was perhaps the largest ever theatrical man-hunt for a fugitive in the modern era  an event which failed to produce any credible forensic evidence. Many members of the medical field, have long suspected Bin Laden was dead. This supposition has also been supported by many high-ranking officials  including former Pakistani PM Benazir Bhutto, just prior to her assassination.  A Guardian report from October 2001 outlined Bin Laden s apparent serious health problems: Bin Laden has often been reported to be in poor health. Some accounts claim that he is suffering from Hepatitis C, and can expect to live for only two more years. According to Le Figaro, last year he ordered a mobile dialysis machine to be delivered to his base at Kandahar in Afghanistan. Additionally, a bevy of intelligence insiders, along with other mainstream media reports, have stated that the former CIA-linked asset Bin Laden, died somewhere between 2001 and 2002.On an interesting note, Memory Hole editor James F. Tracy discussed how Katz s SITE has suspiciously procured various terror plots ahead of all major US intelligence agencies: As noted, news outlets seldom see fit to closely analyze SITE or Katz concerning their research and function as conduits for terrorist propaganda. A LexisNexis search for SITE Intelligence in the article content of US newspapers and major world publications over the past two years produces 317 items an admittedly low figure given the prominence of SITE s recent disclosures. Yet a similar search for  Steven Sotloff  alone yields over 1,000 newspaper stories and 600 broadcast transcripts, suggesting the sensationalistic usage and effect of SITE s data and how neither SITE nor Katz are called upon to explain their specific methods and findings. Indeed, a similar search for  SITE Intelligence  and  Rita Katz  yields only 26 entries over a two year period. Of these, 14 appear in theWashington Post, a publication with well-established links to US intelligence. Four New York Times articles feature the combined entities. In a CNN interview on the heels of the Sotloff beheading, Katz explains how again SITE curiously surpassed the combined capacities of the entire US intelligence community in securing the Sotloff footage. PSYOP PLAYGROUND?    Bell Pottinger played a role in a psychological operations task force setup in Baghdad. (Image Source: psyopsinsignia)Shades of Propaganda The US Special Operations Center of Excellence, describes a historical context with which to view the type of  gray ops  disinformation campaign discussed above between the Pentagon and Pottinger: The documented history of PSYOP begins with the World War I activities of its antecedent, propaganda. In World War I, PSYOP  came into its own as a formal activity,  said retired Colonel Frank Goldstein. During that period, the three shades of propaganda   white, gray and black   appeared in a variety of unclassified and classified government programs aimed at motivating popular support for the war and demoralizing the enemy. It is important to understand that as propaganda moves from shades of white to black, the source of the propaganda becomes less obvious, until, in black propaganda, the source is unknown. The most memorable and successful World War I white-propaganda themes communicated that the war was necessary to  keep the world safe for democracy  and that it would be  the war to end all wars. For maximum impact, a PSYOP must be rooted in partial reality, followed by various phases of propaganda which parrot each other without contradiction. The scope of these specific types of operations are vast,  They include counterterrorism operations, peace operations, noncombatant evacuation, enforcement of sanctions and maritime interception operations, strikes and raids, etc. NGO WeaponizationThe far reach of NGO propaganda is becoming more transparent and is still being propped up by military arms such as NATO.Here s a passage from Patrick Henningsen s seminal article entitled  AN INTRODUCTION: Smart Power & The Human Rights Industrial Complex,  that intricately dissects the role of NGO s as they relate to the military industrial apparatus: Upon more rigorous inspection, however, a number of uncomfortable realities emerge regarding the 21st century international human rights concern. Though many human rights charities still market themselves as  neutral  and  nonpartisan , the reality is something very different. Below, we will detail a number of high-profile cases where these organisations are being used as public relations organs to further western foreign policy objectives. With public skepticism of the charity sector already at an all-time high, the danger is clear: if conflicts of interest are not addressed in a serious way, they threaten to undermine the credibility of the entire non-governmental organization (NGO) sector internationally.   MASS PROPAGANDA    The Save Aleppo campaign acts out images of war. (Image 21WIRE via (Photo: Land Destroyer)In a recent report from 21WIRE Special Contributor Vanessa Beeley, we see how many Western supported NGO narratives work symbiotically with the international body NATO: Amid the terrorist attacks and the daily massacres of Syrian civilians by [so-called] Western-backed  moderate rebels,  the children maimed and mutilated by these attacks are almost invisible to the mainstream media. The mainstream media does, however, showcase stories like that of Omran Daqneesh stories which serve and propel the NATO narrative despite the dubious sources from which they emanate. Akin to many mass casualty drills playing out simultaneously with America s Daily Shooter events, staged scenes with dust and fake blood are coming out of the  Save Aleppo  protests in Europe that seems to mimic elements of the Soros backed (al Qaeda linked) White Helmets in Syria. The impetus for such fakery, appears to be focused on getting the general public to push for deeper conflict in Syria.Interestingly, while NGO s are busy dialing into the heartstrings of the public with staged imagery, there are also recent designer social engineering studies backed by the Pentagon that are focused on mass civil unrest. All of this, as Soros pledges $500 million for the so-called migrant crisis in Europe.The scale of such US-sponsored social engineering projects are breathtaking. In June of 2014, in an article entitled,  Pentagon preparing for mass civil breakdown,  by Nafeez Ahmed, published at the UK s Guardian, we learned that:A new  research programme is funding universities to model the dynamics, risks and tipping points for large-scale civil unrest across the world, under the supervision of various US military agencies.  The program was brought to fruition during the height of the banking crisis in 2008, as Ahmed points out, suggesting it was already in the works for some time   and time was of the essence. The social science study may have been as big or bigger then the Snowden documents on NSA bulk collection, where not only are Americans being tracked but their behavior is being categorized, labeled and scrutinized, prompting those who value civl rights and privacy to question the ethics and morals of such a US government program. The Guardian article also outlined the type of militarized language used to describe civil movements promoting political change, ironically they used the NGO/US State Department engineered uprising in Egypt as a model for one social science study: Among the projects awarded for the period 2014-2017 is a Cornell University-led study managed by the US Air Force Office of Scientific Research which aims to develop an empirical model  of the dynamics of social movement mobilisation and contagions.  The project will determine  the critical mass (tipping point)  of social contagians by studying their  digital traces  in the cases of  the 2011 Egyptian revolution, the 2011 Russian Duma elections, the 2012 Nigerian fuel subsidy crisis and the 2013 Gazi park protests in Turkey. Essentially, this is computer modelling of  color revolutions  over sees  an expensive digital tool in the Pentagon and the CIA s  regime change  operations.Americans should be reminded that these programs are all taxpayer funded. The total bill is well into the billions by now.What s next in a world with designed outcomes, false narratives and staged crises? READ MORE ISIS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ISIS FilesREAD MORE  WAR ON TERROR  NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire W.O.T FilesREAD MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE by subscribing and becoming a MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",US_News,"October 4, 2016",0
" More Trump Victims Surface As Condo Scam Is Revealed, Millions Lost As He Profited (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has a pattern of business behavior that he has repeated several times over his career when he isn t on a reality show pretending to be a billionaire genius. A loud, splashy launch of a project followed by a high pressure sales job that dazzles prospective customers, followed by mismanagement and poor business decisions that result in a failed business but somehow Trump makes money for himself.The pattern has repeated itself with Trump University, Trump Steaks, Trump Magazine, and now the Los Angeles Times has revealed the seedy underbelly of Trump Ocean Resort, a condo community that was supposed to be built in Baja with homes overlooking the Pacific Ocean.Guess what happened next?In the end, nothing at all was built at Trump Ocean Resort, and Simms lost her money. As did about 250 other buyers, most of them from Southern California.All told, two years of aggressive marketing yielded $32.5 million in buyer deposits, every bit of it spent by the time Trump and his partners abandoned the project in early 2009 as the global economy was reeling. Most of the buyers sued them for fraud.In this case, Trump did what he has often done in real estate deals   licensed his name to a third party developer, but not actually do the building himself. Trump has often portrayed these properties he really had nothing to do with as part of his real estate  empire,  and the media has gone along with the fairy tale.The people who lost money in these condos say that is what happened here, and that Trump s children   Donald Jr. and Ivanka   were part of a ruse to make it seem as if Trump was one of the main developers instead of just a name attached like a cheap sticker. We are developing a world-class resort befitting of the Trump brand,  Ivanka Trump said in a video on the Trump Baja website.  I m very excited about it. I actually chose to buy a unit in the first tower. Her father appeared in the same video saying he was proud  that when I build, I have investors that follow me all over. The sales team even told prospective buyers that Trump himself had purchased a condo in the development, but he actually never did. Trump even signed a letter given to prospective customers identifying himself as one of the builders   but he wasn t.The company doing the actual building, after months of inactivity on the construction site, eventually sent a letter to people who had bought in telling them that they would not be able to proceed with construction due to a lack of money and the economic turndown in 2008-9. They also said they wouldn t be providing refunds of the millions of dollars they had taken.The Trumps did get $500,000 in licensing fees for their involvement in the scheme. Another pump and dump Trump mission completed.Featured image via screen capture",News,"June 28, 2016",0
Mitch McConnell: 'The man in the middle' of U.S. healthcare war,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For seven years, U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell vowed to slay Obamacare if only his Republican Party controlled both chambers of Congress and the White House. Pull it out “root and branch,” he pledged. The 75-year-old Senate majority leader now has that luxury. But instead of basking in the glow of his first major legislative victory in the Donald Trump era, McConnell is what a source close to the majority leader calls “the man in the middle in an impossible spot.” Late on Monday and again on Tuesday, after a long struggle, McConnell’s efforts to repeal all or portions of former President Barack Obama’s landmark 2010 Affordable Care Act and replace them with less expensive healthcare came crashing down. With 52 Republican senators in the 100-member chamber, McConnell could lose only two of his colleagues on any bill that was opposed by Democrats and still win with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote.  Three times, he failed to muster the 50 supporters needed.  The man who epitomized “the party of no” in Democrats’ eyes during Obama’s presidency, especially when he slammed the door in February 2016 on Merrick Garland’s Supreme Court nomination, fell victim to the “no” of fellow Republicans. “We finally get a chance to repeal and replace, and they don’t take advantage of it,” Trump, six months into his four-year presidential term, said on Tuesday. Across Washington, there was dismay Republicans could not deliver on a promise they assert helped them to assume control in January of Congress and the White House. “I am kind of shocked,” said Republican Representative Dave Brat, of the conservative firebrand House Freedom Caucus that has been a thorn in the side of the Republican establishment. His hand weakened, McConnell could be heading into fierce budget battles, a tax reform fight and a storm over legislation avoiding a government debt default that could shake global financial markets. The result has Democrats feeling emboldened 16 months before the next congressional elections. Around town, the sphinxlike McConnell is known as a master of Senate rules, able to outfox opponents, giving nothing away until he can strike at just the right moment. The senator’s leadership job, a position he yearned for in the years leading up to his 2015 ascension, does not appear to be in jeopardy.  But this rocky run calls into question McConnell’s reputation as a master tactician and deal-maker that he earned as Republican minority leader under the Democratic Obama. It is “a real blow to Republicans in Congress generally and to leadership,” said former Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, a Republican.  More of the blame sits with the rank-and-file, Lott said. “The problem in Washington today is not lack of leadership. The problem is lack of followership.” Had McConnell succeeded, Lott said he would have been “considered a magician” given the inability of Republicans to coalesce around healthcare legislation for so many years. A Republican operative with ties to McConnell saw a possible silver lining: Failure to pass healthcare could boost chances for tax reform or infrastructure investment if Republicans felt it a more urgent political imperative to rack up a win for Trump before the November 2018 congressional elections. McConnell, a courtly Kentuckian who can appear at pains to speak to reporters nipping at his heels, won accolades in years past for cutting deals with Democrats to keep the government operating and making permanent most of former President George W. Bush’s tax cuts. Those deals involved giving voters government services and lower taxes. But Republican healthcare legislation involves taking something away from millions of lower-income people - their medical coverage. “In part they (Republicans) misunderstood how difficult it will be” to repeal and replace Obamacare, former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle, a Democrat, said in a phone interview. Republican rhetoric against Obamacare was so “hyperbolic” it had to take priority early in Trump’s presidency, but senators lacked enthusiasm for legislation, said Daschle, who like Lott lobbies on behalf of healthcare interests.  Once boxed into healthcare, McConnell took another controversial step, one that many Republicans questioned. Instead of developing a healthcare bill in public,  McConnell and his top aides, with the advice of a 13-member group of male senators, called the shots. McConnell said hearings were unnecessary, as healthcare policy had been intensively debated since Obama took office in 2009. He said he was listening to suggestions of all of his 51 fellow Republican senators. Many senators felt disconnected and tensions boiled over. As Monday wore on, matters only got worse for McConnell. Republican Senator Ron Johnson publicly accused him of “a real breach in trust” in hard-charging back-room negotiations. He threatened to withhold support for the bill. McConnell supporters argued that no matter how he handled the private negotiations, the Republican leader was dealt a difficult hand from the outset. “The majority leader is trying to keep all the frogs in the wheelbarrow and it’s a tough job but he’s doing a good job,” said Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski. And then there was Trump. As McConnell struggled, the president was in France last week celebrating Bastille Day before jetting back to the United States to attend a tournament at his New Jersey golf course. He tweeted about his excitement at the tournament, his disgust with “fake news” and an investigation into Russian influence in the 2016 election. Trump boasted that the White House “is functioning perfectly” and “I have very little time for watching T.V.” Missing, some Senate aides said, was Trump traveling the country in a serious effort to bolster support for McConnell’s efforts. ",politicsNews,"July 18, 2017 ",1
" Trump’s Salary Donation Is Just Bullsh*t PR, And Here’s Why","Amateur president Donald Trump is donating his second-quarter salary to the Department of Education, the White House announced Wednesday. During her daily press briefing, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who was besieged with questions about Trump s Twitter announcement saying that he s banning transgender Americans from serving in the military, told everyone about the $100,000 donation. Huckabee Sanders then handed the check signed by the former reality show star to Education Secretary Betsy Devos, a billionaire.Now, while they may seem generous on the surface, Trump has proposed slashing the Education Department by $9.2 billion. That s a 14 percent reduction so $100,000 is a mere drop in the bucket.And while he s profiting from his businesses, typically every weekend when the 71-year-old needs a break, he threw his relatively meager salary at the very department he s stripping funding from.DeVos announced that the money would go toward hosting a science, technology, engineering, and mathematics camp for children at the department. We want to encourage as many students as possible to pursue STEM fields,  DeVos said.Trump's donation to Dept of Education: $100,000.Spending cut to education in Trump's proposed 2018 budget: $9,200,000,000.  Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) July 26, 2017Trump donated his first quarter salary of about $78,000 to the National Park Service. Just like Huckabee Sanders did today, Sean Spicer made a big show of handing over the Trump s salary to benefit the National Park Service, but his budget slashes the Department of the Interior by 12 percent.Trump s first paycheck of $78,333 went to a department he planned to slash by $1.6 billion in funding. We see a pattern here!Shortly before Trump s inauguration, Mar-a-Lago doubled its annual membership fee to $200,000. He s literally profiting from his  presidency  by using his Florida resort for official government business. Each weekend Trump spends at one of his businesses, the visit generates revenue for the alleged president. And we, the taxpayers, are footing the bill.But hey, he gave departments which he s slashed funding for his paycheck, so he s a really good guy, right? Here, have a penny while I take a billion dollars from you. It s all good.It does make a good photo-op, though.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"July 26, 2017",0
Philippine leader says 'no way' he'll do deal with Islamist rebels,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Saturday ruled out the possibility of allowing Islamic State-linked militants to flee a southern city in exchange for the release of dozens of hostages. The militants seized large parts of Marawi City on the island of Mindanao in May, and a hardcore of fighters has held out through more than 100 days of air strikes and ground attacks  by troops.  No way,  Duterte told reporters when asked about a rumor that one rebel leader, Omarkhayam Maute, had proposed releasing hostages in exchange for the safe exit of the militants. Pockets of fighters remain in the ruins of the heart of a city devastated by artillery and bombings, in an occupation that has alarmed the region about the possibility of Islamic State, on the back foot in Iraq and Syria, making a new home in the southern Philippines.  The military has launched its final push to retake Marawi, and is coming under heavy fire from gunmen as troops try to secure buildings and navigate through mines and booby-traps. The military estimates about 20 to 30 hostages are being held, some of whom it says were forced to take up arms against government troops.  If I can save one life there, I am willing to wait one year (to retake the city)  Duterte said of the hostages, after visiting wounded soldiers in Cagayan de Oro, a few hours away from Marawi. Martial law has been imposed in Mindanao, an island of 22 million people, until the end of the year, to allow the military to break up an alliance of pro-Islamic State militant groups. On another front, the military is also fighting communist rebels of the New People s Army following a breakdown in peace talks with the government. Duterte on Saturday threatened to expand martial law to other areas of the Philippines to crack down on the insurgents. Some 655 militants, 45 civilians and 145 soldiers and policemen have been killed in Marawi, according to the military, which says it has rescued 1,728 civilians. At least 400,000 have been displaced. Army spokesman Colonal Edgard Arevalo said saving hostages was the priority of the military s mission.  We are still very mindful of the presence of civilians -guns against their heads - who were made human shields or ordered to wield firearms and ammunition, were converted to become fighters and shoot at our troops,  he said in a statement. The United States has provided technical support to the Philippines military in Marawi. Visiting Manila on Friday, Australian Defence Minister Marise Payne offered a small  detachment of soldiers to provide training to Philippine forces. ",worldnews,"September 9, 2017 ",1
Tillerson says North Korea designation aimed at third parties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Monday that the move to designate North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism will help dissuade third parties from supporting Pyongyang.  The practical effect of it is ... it may though disrupt, and dissuade some third parties from undertaking certain activities with North Korea, as it does impose prohibition on a number of other activities that may not be covered by existing sanctions,  Tillerson told a White House briefing. ",worldnews,"November 20, 2017 ",1
"BREAKING: SECRET RECORDINGS About Clinton Foundation Caused Hostility, In-Fighting Between FBI Agents","Wow Peter Schweizer, author of  the chilling  Clinton Cash  book better make sure he has bodyguards wherever he goes, because his book could be the reason for the  collapse of the Clinton Crime family s house of cards .Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay, people familiar with the matter said.Agents, using informants and recordings from unrelated corruption investigations, thought they had found enough material to merit aggressively pursuing the investigation into the foundation that started in summer 2015 based on claims made in a book by a conservative author called  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  these people said.The account of the case and resulting dispute comes from interviews with officials at multiple agencies.Starting in February and continuing today, investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and public-corruption prosecutors became increasingly frustrated with each other, as often happens within and between departments. At the center of the tension stood the U.S. attorney for Brooklyn, Robert Capers, who some at the FBI came to view as exacerbating the problems by telling each side what it wanted to hear, these people said. Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Capers declined to comment.The roots of the dispute lie in a disagreement over the strength of the case, these people said, which broadly centered on whether Clinton Foundation contributors received favorable treatment from the State Department under Hillary Clinton. Senior officials in the Justice Department and the FBI didn t think much of the evidence, while investigators believed they had promising leads their bosses wouldn t let them pursue, they said.These details on the probe are emerging amid the continuing furor surrounding FBI Director James Comey s disclosure to Congress that new emails had emerged that could be relevant to a separate, previously closed FBI investigation of Mrs. Clinton s email arrangement while she was secretary of state.On Wednesday, President Barack Obama took the unusual step of criticizing the FBI when asked about Mr. Comey s disclosure of the emails.Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI s No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation.WSJ   The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McCabe s supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn t seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife s campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn t part of the email probe, officials said.Much of the skepticism toward the case came from how it started with the publication of a book suggesting possible financial misconduct and self-dealing surrounding the Clinton charity. The author of that book, Peter Schweizer a former speechwriting consultant for President George W. Bush was interviewed multiple times by FBI agents, people familiar with the matter said.The Clinton campaign has long derided the book as a poorly researched collection of false claims and unsubstantiated assertions. The Clinton Foundation has denied any wrongdoing, saying it does immense good throughout the world.Mr. Schweizer said in an interview that the book was never meant to be a legal document, but set out to describe  patterns of financial transactions that circled around decisions Hillary Clinton was making as secretary of state. As 2015 came to a close, the FBI and Justice Department had a general understanding that neither side would take major action on Clinton Foundation matters without meeting and discussing it first. In February, a meeting was held in Washington among FBI officials, public-integrity prosecutors and Leslie Caldwell, the head of the Justice Department s criminal division. Prosecutors from the Eastern District of New York Mr. Capers  office didn t attend, these people said.The public-integrity prosecutors weren t impressed with the FBI presentation, people familiar with the discussion said.  The message was,  We re done here,    a person familiar with the matter said.Justice Department officials became increasingly frustrated that the agents seemed to be disregarding or disobeying their instructions.Following the February meeting, officials at Justice Department headquarters sent a message to all the offices involved to  stand down,  a person familiar with the matter said.The FBI had secretly recorded conversations of a suspect in a public-corruption case talking about alleged deals the Clintons made, these people said. The agents listening to the recordings couldn t tell from the conversations if what the suspect was describing was accurate, but it was, they thought, worth checking out.For entire story: WSJ ",politics,"Nov 3, 2016",0
Democrats ask Trump to veto measure repealing city retirement plan rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a last-ditch effort, five U.S. Senate Democrats are urging President Donald Trump to veto a resolution that would repeal a Labor Department rule designed to help cities launch retirement savings plans for low-income private-sector workers by exempting such programs from strict federal pension protection laws. In an April 5 letter that Reuters saw on Thursday, the lawmakers told Trump, a Republican, that killing the rule could harm more than 2 million Americans who would otherwise benefit from city-run retirement plans. “We ask you to work with us to increase access to retirement savings programs and promote greater retirement security,” they wrote. The senators signing the letter are Patty Murray of Washington and Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrats on committees overseeing pensions and tax matters; Maria Cantwell of Washington; Kirsten Gillibrand of New York; and Robert Casey of Pennsylvania. The resolution on city-run retirement plans is one of 13 measures that Congress has passed to repeal rules enacted under previous president Barack Obama, a Democrat. An obscure law called the Congressional Review Act gives Congress a tool to repeal regulations that it finds objectionable. All that is required is a simple majority vote in both chambers and the president’s signature. The law is limited, however, in how it can be used. Only rules that were finalized within 60 legislative days are eligible for repeal. Trump has signed 11 of the 13 resolutions so far.  The White House Office of Management and Budget has advised Trump to sign the city-run retirement plan measure, and a White House official said on Wednesday that the president would sign more resolutions this month.  The Labor Department adopted two rules at the end of Obama’s tenure that exempted both city and state-run retirement plans from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, a law designed to protect workers’ savings. The plans are geared toward private-sector workers whose employers do not offer 401(k) or other retirement benefits, and would let them enroll automatically in plans like those being introduced in places like California. Cities and states say they need the exemption for the plans to work effectively, but trade groups like the Chamber of Commerce and Investment Company Institute want it repealed amid concerns that workers would not have adequate pension protections. The resolution to repeal the city-run retirement plan rule narrowly passed the Senate in a 50-49 vote.  The Senate is expected to take up a separate resolution to repeal the rule on state-run retirement plans after the Easter recess. ",politicsNews,"April 6, 2017 ",1
JUST IN: OBAMA REGIME Demanded Homeland Security Officials Stop Using “Sharia” and “Jihadist” Language…Look Who Just Changed That Language [VIDEO],"President Trump addressed the America people today, as he outlined a new and bold national security strategy. The American people are generous. You are determined, you are brave, you are strong, and you are wise. When the American people speak, all of us should listen. And just over one year ago, you spoke loud and you spoke clear. And On November 8th, 2016, you voted to Make America Great Again. You embraced new leadership, and very new strategies, and also a glorious new hope, that is why we are here today. But to seize the opportunities of the future, we must first understand the failures of the past. America  will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders. Legal Insurrection reports- The White House has unveiled President Donald Trump s national security strategy. It has four main points: Protect America, promote our prosperity, preserve peace through strength, and advance our influence.But one of the biggest points is the return of using  jihadist  and  Sharia,  language President Barack Obama s administration tried to avoid.From Fox News: The primary transnational threats Americans face are from jihadist terrorists and transnational criminal organizations,  the document states, according to excerpts released ahead of the speech.A search of the document shows the word jihadist appears 24 times in the 68 page document. Obama s 2015 national security strategy mentioned Islam twice.The document mentions that America  will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders. Trump listed the ways to do this: disrupt terror plots, take direct actions, eliminate terrorist safe havens, sever sources of strength, share responsibility, and combat radicalization & recruitment in communities.David Reaboi at Security Studies Group noted another massive change:Here is my favorite part of the National Security Strategy and it s MASSIVE Admin acknowledges Sharia is goal and driving force behind Islamist terror groups. Obama effectively banned use of any of this terminology. pic.twitter.com/2HVHhnVqjX  David Reaboi (@davereaboi) December 18, 2017He is correct. Back in January 2016, Homeland Security released a report that called for officials to stop using jihad and sharia. The Washington Free Beacon reported at the time:Under the section on terminology, the report calls for rejecting use of an  us versus them  mentality by shunning Islamic language in  Countering Violent Extremism  programs, or CVE, the Obama administration s euphemism that seeks to avoid references to Islam.Under a section on recommended actions on terminology, the report says DHS should  reject religiously-charged terminology and problematic positioning by using plain meaning American English. Government agencies should employ  American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like  jihad,   sharia,   takfir  or  umma,  states the June 2016 report by the Council s countering violent extremism subcommittee. The DHS report stated that to avoid a confrontational  us versus them  stance in public efforts to counter Islamic radicalization, government programs should use the term  American Muslim  instead of  Muslim American. The Obama administration insisted on this even though ISIS made it NO secret that they wanted the world to live under Sharia law. The terrorist group even formed an all female brigade to help enforce Sharia law through brutal and violent means. ",politics,"Dec 18, 2017",0
 Breitbart Caught Praising Melania For Exact Thing They Once Viciously Smeared Michelle Obama Over,"In a stunning example of just how morally bankrupt right-wing media has become in the Age of Trump, Breitbart   the conservative website often described as Trump s de facto propaganda wing   wrote a lavish piece praising Melania Trump for her  high fashion  outfits while accompanying her husband on his first overseas trip.Who cares, right? Why would anyone have a problem with what the first lady is wearing on a trip?Well, Breitbart, the very same website, seems to   albeit only when it s the African-American wife of America s first African-American president. Here s the sneering way they covered Michelle Obama s decision to wear a $3,200 dress on the former president s visit with the pope.Politico reports that First Lady Michelle Obama, looking lovely and classy, greeted Pope Francis Tuesday while wearing a $2,290 dress. While the Obamas are not Catholics, this is still a finger-in-the-eye to a White House guest who frequently speaks out   to wild Democrat applause   about the evils of excessive capitalism.And adding to the absurd critique:According to WorldVision, you can feed a child for just $35  a month. Michelle Obama s dress would feed over 80 children for that month. This choice obviously is contrary to the values of Pope Francis. But the Obamas  religious values come from elsewhere, a divisive and disturbing place, not a charitable or unifying one.Almost beyond parody.Flash forward to this weekend. Melania was treated to a photo spread, with Brietbart praising her outfits, including an expensive custom-made creation from fashion designer Dolce & Gabbana.In a visit to meet Pope Francis, Melania worked with Dolce & Gabbana, again, on a stunning custom-made, black coat-dress that showed off a beautiful round collar, framing the First Lady s face. The look was paired with a black lace Mantilla and black Manolo Blahnik stilettos, sticking to the Vatican dress code.The next day, Melania would don a dress that cost $51,000. Conservatives didn t bat an eye.Let s crunch those numbers through Breitbart s bullshit calculator:According to WorldVision, you can feed a child for just $35 a month. Melania Trump s dress would feed over 1400 children for a month. But then the Trump s religious values come from elsewhere, a divisive and disturbing place, not a charitable one. (This comparison, however tongue-in-cheek, is actually unfair in more ways than one, the Obamas actually do have a history of charitable giving. Trump is famous for not donating to charity. A truly  divisive and disturbing  worldview, if there ever was one.)As the above passages exemplify, Breitbart loved to apply ridiculous, nonsense standards to the Obamas that they would never dream of holding the Trump family up to. The website once run by anti-Semite Steve Bannon and which has a section devoted to  black crime  has some pretty obvious, bigoted reasons for hating the Obamas. It s egregious but not particularly surprising then that they would find the white first lady s opulence charming while finding the black first lady s show of class distressing.Featured image via Franco Origlia/Getty Images / h/t Mikel Jollett",News,"May 26, 2017",0
 Former Trump Aide Fired For Somehow Being Too Racist Endorses Cruz,"Let nobody tell you racists don t have options this election. If you re a racist who is turned off by Trump   or perhaps, fired from his campaign   you can always jump onto the Cruz train and fit right in.That s what former Trump adviser Sam Nunberg discovered when he was abruptly fired from Trump s campaign for the impressive feat of being too racist for Trump. He didn t have to stay out in the cold for very long, now he s shilling for Cruz.In an exclusive with POLITICO, Nunberg completed his 180 degree spin on Trump and now says Cruz is the only choice for president. Cruz is a Reagan Conservative. Donald Trump does not have a coherent political ideology   if anything, I would describe him as a Chris Christie Republican.   When did I decide that I could no longer support Trump? Last fall, when he did not have any idea of what the nuclear triad is in a debate. Actually, he didn t  decide  when he should stop supporting Trump   he was fired by Trump for a series of vile Facebook posts targeting President Obama, African Americans, and liberals with racist, violent rhetoric. In 2007, he called Civil Rights Leader Al Sharpton s daughter the N-word.He frequently referred to Obama as a  Socialist Marxist Islamo Fascist Nazi Appeaser  or a  Pan Arabist Marxist Muslim.  He is also   of course   a rabid birther. His comments were so noxious, that Trump was forced to part ways with him.And now he s Team Cruz and he has a completely different versions of events. Hilariously, he told POLITICO that it was Trump s failure to denounce (fellow) white supremacist David Duke as part of what led him to have a falling out with Trump. Apparently Nunberg believes in firing him, Trump got rid of the wrong racist in his campaign.Nunberg s effortless shift to Cruz only reinforces what many critics have been saying all along: The  vote Cruz to stop Trump  movement within the Republican Party, endorsed by moderates like Mitt Romney, isn t picking the  lesser  of two evils. Both candidates are shockingly bad options, and vile in their own ways. Voting for either means resigning the Republican Party to its worst elements: Racism, xenophobia, religious fanaticism and war-mongering. The choice isn t between Trump and Cruz, it s between either and decency.Republicans should work on building a party that Nunberg feels uncomfortable in. He shouldn t have options to choose from, he should be left out completely.Featured image via Talking Points Memo ",News,"March 28, 2016",0
WATTERS’ WORLD: “Do you have Obamacare?”…”How does it work?” [Video], ,left-news,"Mar 13, 2017",0
How To WATCH The Highly Anticipated ‘CLINTON CASH’ Movie FREE!…Thanks To Breitbart!,"SHARE this link with everyone you know. EVERY American should see this movie before they vote! The weekend Clinton Cash global release, just days before the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, PA, will set the tone for Hillary Clinton s nomination. MSNBC calls the movie  devastating  for presumptive Democratic nominee and says it  powerfully connects the dots. CLICK HERE To get signed up to watch  CLINTON CASH  online for FREE this weekend!Via: Breitbart News ",politics,"Jul 22, 2016",0
"BREAKING NEWS: N. AMERICAN FAMILY Held Hostage During Obama Presidency RESCUED In Pakistan: “This is a country that did not respect us, this is a country that respects us now” [VIDEO]","In 2017, Kelli O Brien, the aunt of Joshua Boyle spoke publicly about the kidnapping of her nephew and his wife Caitlan Boyle who expresses her disappointment over the lack of response from Prime Minister Trudeau. Interestingly enough, Trudeau was visiting President Trump when Trump announced that he would soon be announcing some very good news would be forthcoming regarding the captured family s status.TODAY, Boyle and Coleman s families got some very good news! More winning An American woman, her Canadian husband, and their three children have been freed from captivity by Pakistani security forces, nearly five years after being taken hostage by the Taliban in Afghanistan.The initial word came from a Pakistani Army statement and was confirmed by US officials.The couple, American Caitlan Coleman, 31, and her American husband, Joshua Boyle, 33, were kidnapped by the Taliban in 2012 while they were traveling as tourists in Afghanistan and were held in captivity since.Coleman was pregnant when she was kidnapped. The couple had two more children born in captivity.Here is a video showing Joshua Boyle and his wife Caitlin Coleman speaking to the camera while in captivity in January 2017: In a statement, the Pakistani Army said US intelligence agencies had been tracking the hostages and shared intelligence with Pakistan when the family was moved to the country. US officials confirmed there was intelligence about their location in recent days that was shared with the Pakistanis. The operation by Pakistani forces, based on actionable intelligence from US authorities was successful; all hostages were recovered safe and sound and are being repatriated to the country of their origin,  the statement said.  The success underscores the importance of timely intelligence sharing and Pakistan s continued commitment towards fighting this menace through cooperation between two forces against a common enemy. It is possible that the successful recovery of the family was what was being referenced Wednesday when President Donald Trump told a crowd in Pennsylvania that  something happened today where a country that totally disrespected us called with some very, very important news. Trump did not disclose what country or any details involved but said  one of my generals came in and they said, you know, I have to tell you, a year ago they would have never done that. This is a country that did not respect us, this is a country that respects us now. The world is starting to respect us again, believe me,  Trump said appearing to reference Pakistan and that country s role in bringing about the recovery of the four hostages. CNN",left-news,"Oct 12, 2017",0
Florida legislature poised to bolster 'Stand Your Ground' law,"(Reuters) - Florida lawmakers advanced a measure on Wednesday that could make it easier to avoid prosecution in deadly shootings and other use-of-force cases by seeking immunity on self-defense grounds under the state’s pioneering “stand your ground” law. In a 74-39 vote, the state’s House of Representatives passed legislation that shifts the burden of proof from defendants to prosecutors when the law is invoked to avoid trial. The measure now returns to the state Senate, which last month approved its own version of the bill. Both chambers are controlled by Republicans. Florida’s “stand your ground” law, passed in 2005, received wide scrutiny and inspired similar laws in other states. It removed the legal responsibility to retreat from a dangerous situation and allowed use deadly force when a person felt greatly threatened. Opponents say the measures will embolden gun owners to shoot first, citing the 2012 death of unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin in Florida, which spurred national protests and the Black Lives Matter movement. The neighborhood watchman who killed him, George Zimmerman, was acquitted of murder after the law was included in jury instructions. Wednesday’s House vote on changing the law followed party lines. Supporters, including the National Rifle Association, the powerful U.S. gun lobby, see the legislation as bolstering a civilian’s right to quell an apparent threat. “This bill is trying to put the burden of proof where it belongs, on the state, because all people are innocent before being proven guilty,” said the Republican sponsor of the bill, Representative Bobby Payne. Florida’s law did not specify the process for applying “stand your ground” immunity. State courts established the current protocol, which calls for a pre-trial hearing before a judge and puts the burden of proof on the defendant. Most of those speaking in the House debate were Democrats who said the bill would lead to more violence. “Who will speak for the voiceless victims, silenced by an aggressor who claims he wasn’t an aggressor but is protected by a flawed law?” said Democrat Representative Bobby Dubose. While public defenders support the changes to the law, the Florida Prosecuting Attorneys Association and gun control advocates oppose them.  “Every battery case, every domestic violence case, every use of force case, as a matter of routine, defense attorneys will now request hearings,” said Phil Archer, a state attorney. Archer, a lifetime NRA member who teachers gun owners about “stand your ground,” said of the changes: “This is just going too far.” ",politicsNews,"April 5, 2017 ",1
North Korea says launched Hwasong-12 rocket to counter South Korea-U.S. drills: KCNA,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un guided a launch of its Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missile on Tuesday in a drill to counter the joint military exercises by South Korean and U.S. militaries, the North s official KCNA news agency said on Wednesday.  The current ballistic rocket launching drill like a real war is the first step of the military operation of the KPA in the Pacific and a meaningful prelude to containing Guam,  KCNA quoted Kim as saying. KPA stands for the Korean People s Army, the North s military. North Korea threatened to fire four Hwasong-12 missiles into the sea near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam earlier this month after U.S. President Donald Trump said the North would face  fire and fury  if it threatened the United States. ",worldnews,"August 29, 2017 ",1
Palestinian envoy says U.S. recognition of Jerusalem is 'declaring war',"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump would effectively be making a declaration of war if he recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the Palestinians  chief representative to Britain said on Wednesday.  If he says what he is intending to say about Jerusalem being the capital of Israel, it means a kiss of death to the two state solution,  Manuel Hassassian said in a BBC radio interview.   He is declaring war in the Middle East, he is declaring war against 1.5 billion Muslims (and) hundreds of millions of Christians that are not going to accept the holy shrines to be totally under the hegemony of Israel,  Hassassian added. Senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump will recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. embassy to the city. ",worldnews,"December 6, 2017 ",1
HILLARY’S STATE DEPARTMENT DESTROYED 13 Of Her Mobile Devices With Hammers…WATCH Incredible 2015 Video: Hillary Tells Reporters She Only Used ONE Mobile Device [VIDEO]," I thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two. Just the kind of person we need running our country a lying, corrupt and crooked woman; who feels she deserves the highest office in our nation because she comes equipped with the proper genitalia Any woman (or man) who supports this common criminal should be hanging their head in shame:",left-news,"Sep 3, 2016",0
HORRIFIC: THE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS Our “Open Borders” President Doesn’t Want You To Know About,"Barack Obama and Hillary are both advocates of open-borders. They privately use their position on open-borders and amnesty to gain support from Catholics and bleeding-heart liberals. The pretend to be a champion of the Hispanic community. But are leaders who encourage people from other nations to cross over our borders illegally really committing an act of compassion? Children are being moved across our borders with total strangers posing as parents or relatives and being left for our government to figure out how to care for them. Citizens from other countries infected with deadly diseases cross our borders and then move around freely in our society, infecting any legal American who comes in contact with them, including innocent school children. And what about the illegal aliens who pay the worst kind of vermin to get them across our borders? How many of those illegal aliens are found dead by ranchers with property on or near our borders? Instead of feeling compassion Americans are left feeling outraged. Bob Price of Breitbart News shares some of the stunning consequences of open-borders here:  The dead bodies of 53 illegal immigrants have been found in one Texas county after crossing the border this year. The remains of the 53, mostly Mexican and Central American nationals, represent an increase over 2015 numbers despite an effort by local, state, and federal law enforcement officials.The Brooks County Sheriff s Office informed Breitbart Texas on Thursday night that they had recovered the remains of yet another dead illegal immigrant in the fields of a ranch located roughly 80 miles north of the Mexican border. Brooks County is not a border county but is the location of a Border Patrol checkpoint on one of the main human smuggling routes from to inland cities like Houston, San Antonio, and Dallas. These cities are transportation hubs for the human smuggling networks operated mostly by Mexican drug cartels. The surge of illegal immigrants coming up from the border is once again resulting in an increase in deaths,  Brooks County Sheriff s Office Chief Deputy Benny Martinez told Breitbart Texas in an exclusive interview.  What is happening to these people is truly a humanitarian crisis. The Border Patrol operates a checkpoint in the middle of Brooks County on Highway 281. Human smugglers attempting to move their cargo northward must either smuggle the illegal immigrants through the checkpoint or, move them on foot around it through neighboring ranches. Forced marches through very hazardous conditions are what has led to the deaths in most cases. In addition to the heat and lack of water, the smuggled aliens must also travel through terrain consisting of sand so soft that 4-wheel-drive vehicles can get stuck. They must also avoid poisonous snakes, scorpions, cactus and thorns   all of which can debilitate a hiker, causing the coyotes to abandon them. These coyotes are ruthless, callous people who care nothing about what happens to the people they are moving through our county,  Martinez explained.  If you can t keep up with them on the trail because you have become injured, dehydrated, overheated, or exhausted, they just abandon you and leave you to die. Go here for entire story: Breitbart News",left-news,"Oct 28, 2016",0
" BREAKING: Republican Senate Hopeful Speaks His Mind, Says Putin Is Right, America Is Evil","After more than seven years of Republicans desperately trying to kill everything that is great about this country, like the fact that it s a melting pot or a land of opportunity. Now, one Republican has gone so far as to say that Vladimir Putin is right when he calls the United States evil.We always knew there was a flip-side to Donald Trump  Make America Great Again,  as if America, in its multiculturalism and in its quest for freedom, is somehow no longer great. Now, Roy Moore, who s hoping to replace now Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the Senate, as admitted as much.When The Guardian s Paul Lewis, who was probing the rising popularity of Russian President Vladimir Putin among U.S. conservatives, told Moore that former President Reagan called Russia  the focus of evil in the modern world,  Moore said it wasn t the only one. You could say that very well about America, couldn t you?  Moore responded in the interview published Wednesday. We promote a lot of bad things,  added the former chief justice of Alabama s Supreme Court, specifically citing same-sex marriage.Then he had to, like any loyal Trumpster, thrown in a little love for Vladimir Putin. That s the very argument that Vladimir Putin makes,  Lewis pointed out. Well, then maybe Putin is right,  Moore said.  Maybe he s more akin to me than I know. Source: The HillI guess Moore, who s currently in the lead to be the nation s next Senator, doesn t know that Russia has one of the highest rates of abortion in the world. Republicans really have to do a better job of picking their dictator crushes.You may remember Moore as the Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice and religious nut job who was forced to leave office after refusing to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments as was ordered by a federal court.He took the job back in 2013, but was forced to resign once again for ethics violations, including his refusal to allow gay marriages once the Supreme Court ruled them constitutional.Moore loves him some Donald Trump, though. In two sentences he invoked  God  in reference to Trump, a man who s almost certainly never read the Bible, a whopping four times. God puts people in positions in positions he wants.   I believe he sent Donald Trump in there to do what Donald Trump can do,  Moore said.  More than thinking I can win, it s up to God and God s will. We will see what God would have me do. And here we thought it was bad enough with Jeff Sessions in the Senate. Actually, it was. Now, we ll have Sessions as AG and who knows what kind of nuttery replacing him in the Senate. If there s any consolation at all, it s that we re all getting screwed and the party in charge wants to take away our birth control.Read more:",News,"August 10, 2017",0
 Twitter TRASHES Draft Dodger Donald Trump After Disgusting Attack On John McCain (TWEETS),"On Wednesday, Senator John McCain responded to White House Press Secretary s claim that the massively failed raid in Yemen that left 30 civilians and a Navy SEAL dead, didn t achieve its primary objective, and managed to recover copies of three videos that have been on YouTube for about a decade, a  huge success. According to Spicer, any criticism of the raid   which Trump authorized over dinner without adequate planning, preparation, or backup after his staffers goaded him with claims that Obama would not have the cajones to do it   is a  disservice  to the dead. The life of chief Ryan Owens was done in service to his country and we owe him and his family a great debt for the information we received during that raid,  Spicer said.  Any suggestion otherwise is a disservice to his courageous life and the actions he took. Full stop.  McCain disagrees: Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy!  Trump tweeted. He s been losing so long he doesn t know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in   bogged down in conflict all over the place. Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in   bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a ""failure."" Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017You know what emboldens the enemy? Failing to kill him. While he did manage to mow down women and children wholesale, Trump s raid missed al Qaeda leader Qassim al-Rimi, the primary target. Since the raid, al-Rimi has been taunting and mocking Trump in his propaganda videos. Our hero Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a  failure.'  Trump concluded triumphantly.  Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again! It is probably past time for us to  get smart  and  start winning again,  but it seems that we will need to wait four years for that. The raid killed about double the number of civilians as it did militants, the important, game-changing intelligence recovered turned out to be decade-old YouTube videos, he missed his primary target, and Yemen revoked our permission to conduct anti-terrorism operations within their borders.If this is  winning  in Trump s America, it is time for all of us to be frightened. Fortunately, The Internet is here to let Trump know what they think of his new, GREAT America where losing is winning and the Ku Klux Klan is not an extremist group.This won t be the last time Trump gets people killed with his impulsive ego-driven mistakes. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/fmu26DyHHI  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump ryan died because you screwed up. his blood and the blood of the american girl who died is on your hands. you did that.  Oliver Willis (@owillis) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Donald, maybe if you pay attention during briefings instead of tweeting about Ivanka's shoes fewer people will die.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump There is no greater tribute to a fallen US soldier than for the idiot who got him killed to use his name in a Twitter fight  Jon Bershad (@JonBershad) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Jesus Christ. These tweets make you look like a fucking lunatic.  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump you consider the death of one of your soldiers a ""win""? Brilliant.  Ben Pearce (@BenPearceDJ) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Ryan may have acted heroically but the mission (u decided to send him on over dinner) was an awful failure. https://t.co/m2eb2fpcv2  Tim Guinee (@TimGuinee) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Winning! pic.twitter.com/UAP0CLThAN  Letters of Note (@LettersOfNote) February 9, 2017Someone died. Have some humanity. Stop using him as a prop piece for your rhetoric. @realDonaldTrump  PORP (@TheOfficialPORP) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just imagine if Hillary had called Benghazi a ""winning mission""  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump how dare you politicize the death of a fallen hero  I already had a low opinion of you but I'm absolutely disgusted  Rob Gorski (@The_Autism_Dad) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump how dare you not even use his full name, show some respect. You killed Chief Petty Officer William  Ryan  Owens.  coganut (@Coganuts) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump my god, if that's what's considered ""winning"" or ""successful"" I think the whole world would prefer you to stop, NOW!  Eloise-at-midnight (@moonatmidnight) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump There is nothing as shameful as a lying draft dodger sending a hero to his death strictly to feed his ego. You disgust us.  Stupid Should Hurt? (@stophrtngusa) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump STOP. TWEETING. YOU sent Ryan on a bad mission. It's on you now when our heroes die.  J Throw (@mamathrow) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump nah man you killed a soldier, 30 civilians, and got banned from the country  Dolly Doldrums (@_Philosophica) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump While you were asleep in bed. Your incompetence got a Seal killed and you couldn't care enough to be in Situation Room.  ECMadTown (@ECmadtown) February 9, 2017And to think @realDonaldTrump signed the order at dinner, never monitored op from SitRoom, and was in bed tweeting when it went down. LOSER!  D E V I N (@DevinMillington) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump an 8 year old was shot in the neck and bled out because of you  Derek: Dream Hipster (@AnarchistPrince) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You killed 30 civilians, including an American citizen, AND slaughtered an American soldier AND MISSED YOUR TARGET! Liar  Carl Allan Salonen (@CarlASalonen) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump How was that a winning mission? You missed your target, who is now mocking you, & we lost a soldier. You failed #WhyIResist  FarmersCubed (@FarmersCubed) February 9, 2017William  Ryan  Owens was a hero   exactly the sort of hero who deserves a Commander-in-Chief who cares about the lives of our men and women in uniform, a leader who will not place them in unnecessarily dangerous scenarios just to satisfy his ego. If this is winning, there is only one solution: we need to stop  winning.  Now.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",News,"February 9, 2017",0
NATO's top soldier says Trump comments play into hands of Putin,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NATO’s top military officer, General Petr Pavel, denounced U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday for criticizing the alliance as obsolete and said such comments played to the hands of its opponents. In unusual criticism of a presidential candidate, Pavel, chairman of the NATO Military Committee, said in an interview that Russian “President (Vladimir) Putin and some others may be pleased by this approach”. “To take such an approach would be a great mistake,” he said. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, has criticized the decades-old NATO alliance with mainly European nations - a cornerstone of U.S. foreign policy - as obsolete and too costly for the United States. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization was set up in a different era, Trump has said, when the main threat to the West was the Soviet Union. It was ill-suited to fighting terrorism. Pavel, a former Czech Republic army chief, said the NATO alliance formed in 1949 was not perfect but it had great potential as well as the chance to be improved. “Statements like these are not necessarily damaging, but they are not useful,” Pavel said in Singapore on the sidelines of the Shangri-La Dialogue, Asia’s biggest security summit. On Thursday, Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton also lambasted Trump’s foreign policy platform as “dangerously incoherent”. Trump’s emergence as a strong presidential candidate has been a talking point at the Shangri-La Dialogue. Carl Thayer, an Australian security expert, said the prospect of Trump in office would have to be dealt with realistically. Australia’s experience had shown that “you damn well have to work with the U.S. president”, he told a news conference. At the meeting, Pavel was to discuss regional issues, including rival claims in the South China Sea and rising tension in Northeast Asia, where North Korea has been stepping up its testing of nuclear capabilities. China and the United States have traded accusations of militarizing the South China Sea, which is claimed almost entirely by Beijing. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam have claims to parts of the waters, through which trade worth trillions of dollars is shipped every year. “Freedom of navigation in this region, through the South China Sea, is crucial for any further development in the region and it’s difficult to imagine that without this freedom, there will be stability and peace in this region,” Pavel said. NATO could not act on the issue using military means, but mainly political means, he added. North Korea, which conducted its fourth nuclear test in January and followed that with a satellite launch and tests of various missiles, was a great concern for NATO, Pavel said. Western sanctions have not been successful in deterring Pyongyang from developing its nuclear capabilities. “The only country which may change the equation is China,” Pavel said, pointing to the fact that 90 percent of North Korea’s trade is with its big neighbor. Pavel also said he hoped an upcoming NATO summit in Warsaw would agree cyber as an operational domain of war, along with air, sea, land and space. ",politicsNews,"June 3, 2016 ",1
BREAKING: President Trump Makes FBI Pick One Day Before Comey Testimony [Video],"President Trump has nominated Christopher Wray to be the new director of the FBI. The president announced the pick in a tweet Wednesday:  I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. #BREAKING  @POTUS nominates Christopher Wray for @FBI Director. #AmericaFirst   #MAGA pic.twitter.com/7reLeV2ZE8  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) June 7, 2017This comes one month after President Trump fired James Comey:  While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the bureau,  Trump said in a letter to Comey.  It is essential that we find new leadership for the F.B.I. that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission. You are hereby terminated and removed from office, effective immediately. Trump interviewed a slew of candidates for the position, including FBI director Andrew McCabe, former Democratic Sen. Joe Lieberman, former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating, former FBI official Richard McFeely and John Pistole before settling on Wray.The interesting thing about the pick is that this was Trump s pick. This is also a brilliant move from the president to nominate a pick for FBI Director one day before Comey testifies.Christopher Wray was the lawyer for Chris Christie in the Bridgegate Investigation. The left will probably go bonkers over that fun fact.Here s a little more on Wray:Wray was nominated by President George W. Bush as assistant attorney general in charge of the Criminal Division, according to the U.S. Department of Justice website. He held that job until 2005.Christopher Wray is a graduate of Yale Law School. He led the Enron Task Force when he was with the Department of Justice.As head of the Criminal Division, Wray led investigations and prosecutions in securities fraud, health care fraud, money laundering, public corruption and several other areas of federal criminal law, according the the website of King & Spaulding, a Washington firm where he currently serves as a litigation partner.Via: Daily Caller",politics,"Jun 7, 2017",0
FIRE THIS MAN! STATE DEPARTMENT ASSHAT Mocks Reporters And Obama’s “Transparency” At Briefing [Video],How unfunny! Does this not tell you something about the jackwagons in the Obama State Department? Unreal! ,Government News,"Aug 4, 2016",0
McCain’s Mad World and The Cancer of Conflict,"21st Century Wire says Some devastating news befell John Sidney McCain III  recently, as his staff announced that the US Senator had been diagnosed with a brain tumor called glioblastoma discovered during recent testing at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Arizona. We wish the Senator well On Episode #195  Chickenhawk Nation  of the SUNDAY WIRE with co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Mike Robinson, we break down all the reasons why we think it s time for McCain to retire.The list is endless. We ll start with a real  cancer of conflict    the senseless truck bombing of Al-Kindi cancer treatment hospital in Aleppo, Syria. The attack carried out by the same  freedom fighters  that McCain was seen cavorting with during his secret trip to the Aleppo area in May 2013. The very same  rebels  he was supplying weapons to   the  Free Syrian Army  (under the command of Jabbat al Nusra aka al Qaeda in Syria) would later order the bombing on this cancer treatment hospital. LISTEN: More @21WIRE:",US_News,"August 27, 2017",0
"ILLEGAL ALIEN SMILES FOR MUG SHOT After Stabbing Father Of Two “At Least” 89 Times…Saws Liver Out, Leaves On Victim’s Chest For Police","SHOCKING FACT: One-fifth of the entire population of El Salvador currently resides in America, according to the Migration Policy Institute. Oh and Trump s a  racist  for wanting to build a wall <sarcasm>!An illegal alien from El Salvador, Mauricio Morales-Caceres, faces life in prison without parole after being convicted of stabbing acquaintance Oscar Navarro, father of two,  at least  89 times with a 15-inch butcher knife and tearing out his liver with his bare hands   but no comments on this shocking murder by a foreign national, who smiled cheerfully in his mugshot, are allowed, according to the Washington Post.Illegal alien Morales-Caceres, 24, started by stabbing Navarro in the back before stabbing him in the face, then his head, and then his chest, according to prosecutors.Standing before an image of the extremely gruesome murder scene, prosecutor Douglas Wink said Morales-Caceres sawed through his victim s body to tear out his liver and place it on his chest. The defendant took the knife and sawed,  he said.  This man reached in with his bare hands and took out his liver. He probably thought it was his heart. He ripped out his liver and left it on his chest for the police to see. The Washington Post buried the fact that Morales-Caceresis is an illegal alien.Nelson Navarro, Oscar s brother, said he has turned his attention to Oscar s 12-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter. They know their dad was killed, but so far the family had been able to spare them details of how he died. During the trial, they came to the courthouse on one day but stayed in the prosecutor s offices. Their mother watched the trial in the courtroom.They also shut down the comments section, explaining:  We turn off the comments on stories dealing with personal loss, tragedies or other sensitive topics. The murder took place in December 2014. Should  Morales-Caceres ever get out of prison, every indication is that he would be deported to his native El Salvador,  The Washington Post reports in an aside.  Prosecutors earlier said he entered the United States illegally. And since his stay at the Montgomery County jail, immigration officials have lodged a detainer on him, an indication they would move to have him deported at the end of a prison sentence. If El Salvador decides they won t take Morales-Caceres back, should he ever be released, the U.S. would likely turn him loose onto American streets   thanks to the overreaching Supreme Court ruling, Zadvydas v. Davis (2001). As the Center for Immigration Studies writes:In order to eliminate what it considered the  constitutional threat  of the potentially indefinite detention of deportable aliens, the Court held that  once removal is no longer reasonably foreseeable, continued detention is no longer authorized by statute.  The Court then arbitrarily decided that six months was all that was necessary for determining an alien s deportability  Put simply, a reviewing court s definition of  reasonably foreseeable  now determines the release of deportable aliens back onto the streets.So, should Morales-Caceres be freed from prison before his life sentence concludes and El Salvador refuses to welcome him back, it s only six months until he s free to haunt American neighborhoods once more. ",left-news,"May 2, 2016",0
CROOKED HILLARY GETS LUCKY: Obama’s State Dept. Blocks Release Of Hillary’s E-mails Until After Election,"BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER-Dirty politics follows Obama and Clinton so here s yet another example of these two scumbags doing underhanded deals and lying their way through every situation:  Obama s State Department is blocking correspondence from Hillary Clinton and her top State Department aides about a controversial 12-nation trade deal will not be available for public review   at least not until after the election. The Obama administration abruptly stopped the release of Clinton s State Department correspondence about the so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), after first saying it expected to produce the emails this spring.The decision came in response to International Business Times  open records request for correspondence between Clinton s State Department office and the United States Trade Representative. The request, which was submitted in July 2015, specifically asked for all such correspondence that made reference to the TPP.The State Department originally said it estimated the request would be completed by April 2016. Last week the agency said it had completed the search process for the correspondence but also said it was delaying the completion of the request until late November 2016   weeks after the presidential election. The delay was issued in the same week the Obama administration filed a court motion to try to kill a lawsuit aimed at forcing the federal government to more quickly comply with open records requests for Clinton-era State Department documents.Clinton s shifting positions on the TPP have been a source of controversy during the campaign: She repeatedly promoted the deal as secretary of state but then in 2015 said,  I did not work on TPP,  even though some leaked State Department cables show that her agency was involved in diplomatic discussions about the pact. Under pressure from her Democratic primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, Clinton announced in October that she now opposes the deal   and has disputed that she ever fully backed it in the first place.While some TPP-related emails have been released by the State Department as part of other open records requests, IBT s request was designed to provide a comprehensive view of how involved Clinton and her top aides were in shaping the trade agreement, and whether her agency had a hand in crafting any particular provisions in the pact. Unions, environmental organizations and consumer groups say the agreement will help corporations undermine domestic labor, conservation and other public interest laws.Via: Gateway Pundit",Government News,"Jun 6, 2016",0
 Hannity Tells Trump To Ban All Media Outlets From The White House Except Fox News,"Sean Hannity wants to destroy freedom of the press by punishing any news outlet that told the ugly truth about Donald Trump.During his radio show on Tuesday, Trump s most frequent ass kisser suggested that Trump bar certain networks from the White House press room because he says they  colluded  with the Clinton campaign and that they should be banned until they admit it, even though these networks were merely doing their jobs by covering all the bullshit Trump was saying and doing throughout his campaign. Maybe Donald Trump should rethink how he deals with media,  Hannity said. Why should CNN have a seat in the White House press room? Why should NBC have a seat there? Why should The New York Times have a seat there, or Politico? They all think they re journalists, they re all full of crap, and they ve all been exposed. Until members of the media come clean about colluding with the Clinton campaign and admit that they knowingly broke every ethical standard they are supposed to uphold, they should not have the privilege, they should not have the responsibility of covering the president on behalf of you, the American people. Hannity continued his tirade on Twitter on Wednesday by calling prominent networks like ABC, NBC, and CNN  biased  and  fake news  and repeated his call for Trump to blacklist them from having access.@politico @CNN @NBCNews @CNBC @msnbc @nytimes @ABC @CBSNews Are all biased and Corrupt.  Fake News . If I were @realDonaldTrump NO ACCESS! https://t.co/4eoCBc7WVa  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 23, 2016Blacklisting media outlets just for doing their jobs would be a violation of the Constitution. But if Hannity really wants to play this game, he would be well advised to remember that turnabout is fair play and there will likely be a Democrat in the White House four years from now that could do more than just blacklist Fox News in retaliation. The FCC could be easily directed to shut Hannity and Fox News down, and frankly, that would be a good thing. So whatever Donald Trump and his minions do in an effort to punish people, policies, and institutions they don t like, Democrats should retaliate by burying the rght-wing so hard that they ll really have something to whine about.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"November 24, 2016",0
Spain and Morocco arrest six suspected of practicing beheadings,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish and Moroccan police have arrested five Moroccans and one Spaniard suspected of belonging to an Islamist militant cell that simulated decapitations, the Spanish interior ministry said on Wednesday. The arrests mark the first big raids since a double Islamist attack in Catalonia in August that killed 16 people, most of whom were mown down by a van in Barcelona. The cell was at an advanced stage of activity, the ministry said. It did not say whether those arrested were men or women. The group held secret night meetings at which they planned large-scale attacks, and carried out physical training sessions in which they simulated cutting off victims  heads, the ministry said. Five of the arrested were Moroccan, one with Spanish residence rights. One was Spanish of Moroccan heritage. One was arrested in the Spanish north African enclave of Melilla, and the rest in Morocco. Spanish police have arrested 199 people in the country accused of connections to militant groups since raising the security alert to one notch below the highest level in 2015. ",worldnews,"September 6, 2017 ",1
Senator Flake expects more Republicans to denounce Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Jeff Flake said on Wednesday he expects more  Republican colleagues to speak out against Donald Trump’s behavior and policies, one day after denouncing the Republican president in a fiery speech. Flake had accused Trump of “reckless, outrageous and undignified” behavior and said his “instinct to scapegoat and belittle threatens to turn us into a fearful, backward-looking people.” His condemnation in a speech on the Senate floor came just hours after Senator Bob Corker, another Republican, lashed out at Trump as “an utterly untruthful president” who was debasing the United States. Flake, who is not seeking re-election in Arizona next year, said on Wednesday he thinks other Republican lawmakers will join him in standing up to Trump. “Privately a number of my colleagues have expressed concern about the direction of our politics and the behavior of the president,” Flake told CNN. “There comes a tipping point where you realize we just can’t continue to normalize this kind of behavior so I do think we’ll have more people stand up in the coming months.” Trump responded by saying Flake’s feud with him probably would have cost him with voters and that he would have lost if he had sought re-election. “He was against me before he ever knew me,” Trump told reporters on Wednesday. “He would have never won. He did the smart thing for himself. This way he can get out somewhat gracefully.” Despite control of the White House, the Senate and the House of Representatives, Republicans have yet to deliver any major legislative victories this year on priorities such as tax reform, healthcare and immigration. Republican Senator John McCain, who is fighting brain cancer, also has spoken out sharply against Trump.  But most Republicans in Congress have either remained silent or tried to play down divisions inside their party as Trump has attacked lawmakers, the media and others he sees as opposing or trying to undermine his presidency. “I think people should settle their differences personally,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday. “I think it’s better that way. I think it’s in our interest to have party unity so that we can continue to work forward on an agenda.” So far, the fierce criticism from Flake and Corker has drawn more praise from Democrats than from fellow Republicans. “History will judge Senator Flake and Senator Corker as two men of the greatest conscience to have graced this chamber on either side of the aisle in a long time,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said. ",politicsNews,"October 25, 2017 ",1
WHOA! CHRIS MATTHEWS DEFIES Liberal Media Script…Says FBI Director Didn’t Exonerate Hillary: “There Is A Difference Between Acquittal And Innocence”,"LOL! Chris  thrill up his leg  Matthews does his best to convince Steve Cortez, a Trump surrogate that he s not part of the liberal mainstream media. Matthew s boasts that over his decades long career as a political hack, he s criticized Al Gore s campaign and even gasp criticized Bill Clinton s elicit affair with a young intern. In reality, he criticized Al Gore s campaign because he lost to George W. Bush and even wth the full-force of the crooked Democrat party behind him, they couldn t find a way to make the numbers work in Gore s favor during the hotly contested recount in Florida. We re not even going to comment on the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal. The only reason the media didn t embarrass Hillary for habitually enabling her husband to sexually assault any female who was unfortunate enough to get caught behind a closed door with her rapist husband, is because they always knew this day was coming. They always knew Hillary would scratch and claw her way through any criminal controversy and find herself at the top of the Democrat Party as the  anointed one .But oh yeah back to Chris Matthews and his  objectivity  when it comes to the Clintons:As a side note, here s Chris being  objective  on Hillary in March, 2016:",left-news,"Aug 4, 2016",0
Senate panel releases draft of controversial encryption bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. senators on Wednesday issued a formal draft of a controversial bill that would give courts the power to order technology companies like Apple to help authorities break into encrypted devices or communications for law enforcement or intelligence purposes. The proposal arrives just days after an earlier draft leaked online and drew fire from security researchers and civil liberties advocates who warned it would undermine Internet security and expose personal data to hackers. Those same groups on Wednesday said the new draft is little different from the leaked version. The bill comes as the U.S. Justice Department has redoubled its efforts to use the courts to force Apple (AAPL.O) to unlock encrypted iPhones. Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, the Senate intelligence committee’s Republican chair and top Democrat, said in a statement they intended now to “solicit input from the public and key stakeholders before formally introducing the bill.” “I am hopeful that this draft will start a meaningful and inclusive debate on the role of encryption and its place within the rule of law,” Burr said. “Based on initial feedback, I am confident that the discussion has begun.” The new discussion draft does not require manufacturers or communications companies to process, transmit or store data in any particular format.  Rather, it requires companies, upon receipt of a court order, to turn over to the government “data in an intelligible format” even if encryption has rendered that data inaccessible to anyone other than the owner. Companies must ensure their products “be capable of complying,” the bill states. Critics say that amounts to a ban on strong encryption. The latest version of the bill narrows the scope of cases where a court can issue an order. Those include crimes that caused or could cause death or serious injury or that involve drug offenses or child victims, in addition to foreign intelligence operations, according to the text. Andrew Crocker, staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, said changes in the new discussion draft were minimal and the bill still threatened Internet security because companies would only be able to comply by weakening encryption in all their products. The proposed legislation, which is expected to continue facing strong opposition from the technology sector and privacy advocates, faces an uphill battle in a gridlocked Congress. “This flawed bill would leave Americans more vulnerable to stalkers, identity thieves, foreign hackers and criminals,” said Democratic Senator Ron Wyden in a statement. ",politicsNews,"April 13, 2016 ",1
"Trump says U.S. committed to Japan security, in change from campaign rhetoric","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With a hug and a handshake, President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe opened a new chapter in U.S.-Japan relations on Friday with Trump abruptly setting aside campaign pledges to force Tokyo to pay more for U.S. defense aid. The two leaders appeared to have established a quick friendship during a day of talks at the White House and a flight together aboard Air Force One to Florida for a weekend of golf. At a joint news conference with Abe, Trump avoided repeating harsh campaign rhetoric that accused Japan of taking advantage of U.S. security aid and stealing American jobs. It was a welcome affirmation for Japan in the face of challenges such as China’s maritime expansion and North Korea’s nuclear and missile development. “We are committed to the security of Japan and all areas under its administrative control and to further strengthening our very crucial alliance,” Trump said. “The bond between our two nations and the friendship between our two peoples runs very, very deep. This administration is committed to bringing those ties even closer,” he added. A joint U.S.-Japanese statement said the U.S. commitment to defend Japan through nuclear and conventional military capabilities is unwavering. The statement amounted to a victory for Abe, who came to Washington wanting to develop a sense of trust and friendship with the new U.S. president and send a message that the decades-old alliance is unshakeable. Japan got continued U.S. backing for its dispute with Beijing over islands in the East China Sea that China also claims. The statement said the two leaders affirmed that Article 5 of the U.S.-Japan security treaty covered the islands, known as the Senkaku in Japan and the Diaoyu in China. Abe invited Trump for a visit to Japan this year and Trump accepted. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will make an early stop in Tokyo. But uncertainty remained in another area, that of trade, after Trump abruptly pulled the United States out of the planned Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. Abe said he was “fully aware” of Trump’s decision to withdraw from the multilateral trade accord. But he said Japan and the United States had agreed on a new framework for economic dialogue. “I am quite optimistic that ... good results will be seen from the dialogue,” he said, adding that Japan was looking for a fair, common set of rules for trade in the region.  A senior Japanese government spokesman said Abe and Trump did not discuss currency issues and that Trump did not request a bilateral trade deal.  The official told reporters that a U.S.-Japan economic dialogue will be led by Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and Vice President Mike Pence to address fiscal and monetary policies as well as infrastructure projects and trade. Trump, who spoke by phone on Thursday night with Chinese President Xi Jinping, also said he considered dealing with North Korea’s nuclear program a “very very high priority” but gave no hint as to how his approach would differ from that of his predecessor, Barack Obama. He predicted a level playing field on trade with China soon. The Mar-a-Lago visit will be Trump’s first use of his Florida getaway for diplomatic purposes. It will also be the most time Trump will have spent with a foreign leader since taking power last month and his second face-to-face meeting with a key ally after talks with British Prime Minister Theresa May two weeks ago. Trump hosted Abe at Trump Tower last year in his first talks with a foreign leader after his surprise win in the November presidential election. Abe played down his chances in scoring better than Trump in golf. “My scores in golf are not up to the level of Donald at all, but my policy is never up, never in, always aiming for the cup,” he said.  Japan has had lingering concerns about what Trump’s self-styled “America First” strategy means for U.S. foreign policy in Asia as well as what his decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact means for bilateral economic ties.     Abe pledged Japan would help create U.S. jobs, hoping to persuade Trump to turn down the heat on economic matters and stand by the alliance. To avoid questions about whether Japan is paying Trump for Abe to stay at the beachfront Mar-a-Lago retreat, the White House declared that the entire visit there, including golf, is the official gift for Abe from Trump.     ",politicsNews,"February 10, 2017 ",1
(VIDEO) DELUSIONAL OBAMA: I’VE RESTORED THE US AS THE ‘MOST RESPECTED COUNTRY IN THE WORLD’,This is proof positive that we have a delusional leader who s got an ego the size of Texas! ,politics,"Jun 2, 2015",0
 Donald Trump Attacks Pope’s ‘Disgraceful’ Criticism About His Border Wall,"Donald Trump infuriates even the most compassionate and holy amongst us   like the Pope, for example. When Pope Francis was asked on Thursday how he felt about the Republican front runner, it took every ounce of the religious leader s strength not to erupt.While Francis was in Mexico, a reporter questioned the Pope about Trump s potential for president. Francis brilliantly slammed the racist GOPer, saying that A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian. Francis had been referencing Trump s promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border   something that Trump has become infamous for during his campaign, along with his numerous offensive comments about immigrants.When Trump found out about what Francis said about him, he tried to shrug it off, saying, Now it s probably going to be all over the world. Who the hell cares? OK? I don t care. But he cares very much. Thin-skinned and never one to take criticism lightly, Trump fired back at the Pope while at a campaign stop in South Carolina just hours after the pontiff was praying at the border for those who died trying to come to the United States. Trump issued a press release stating that  No leader, especially a religious leader, should have the right to question another man s religion or faith,  calling Francis  comments  disgraceful.  Trump also added in a few jabs at President Barack Obama. I am proud to be a Christian and as President I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened, unlike what is happening now, with our current President. Unable to accept that maybe he s just a horrible guy and unequipped to be president, Trump whined that the Mexican government had soiled his reputation and turned the Pope against him so they can  continue to rip off the United States, both on trade and at the border.  Clearly in a huge amount of denial, Trump said: The Pope only heard one side of the story   he didn t see the crime, the drug trafficking and the negative economic impact the current policies have on the United States. He doesn t see how Mexican leadership is outsmarting President Obama and our leadership in every aspect of negotiation. Making a case for his offensive approach on immigration, Trump suggested that the Mexican government is  using the Pope as a pawn and they should be ashamed of themselves for doing so, especially when so many lives are involved and when illegal immigration is so rampant.  This echoes comments Trump had made last week, when he spoke against Francis  plans to pray at the border, stating that the Pope was being exploited. In an interview with Fox News, Trump said: I don t think he understands the danger of the open border that we have with Mexico. I think Mexico got him to do it because they want to keep the border just the way it is. They re making a fortune, and we re losing. In his press release, The Donald also suggested that the Pope would be sorry for ever doubting him. He said that  if and when  ISIS attacks the Vatican,  I can promise you that the Pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president because this would not have happened. Keep dreaming, Donald. Featured image via Flickr / Flickr",News,"February 18, 2016",0
DEMOCRATS Get DEVASTATING News After Spending $10.1 MILLION To Defeat Roy Moore In AL Senate Race,"Roll Call   Democrat Doug Jones drastically outraised GOP nominee Roy Moore for the Alabama Senate race, new campaign finance documents show.Jones raised nearly six times Moore s amount ahead of the Dec. 12 special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Jones headed into the final weeks of the race with roughly four times as much money in the bank than his GOP opponent. Jones raked in nearly $10.2 million compared to Jones  $1.8 million. Jones also spent roughly 5 times as much as Moore during that period, nearly $8.7 million compared to Moore s $1.7 million.The Democrat Party, who up until just recently, was essentially broke, just got some very bad news today from reliable media ally, CBS News.As the majority of Alabama Republicans believe that the allegations against Judge Roy Moore are untrue, he now takes a commanding lead over radical leftist Democrat Doug Jones per a new CBS News poll.The CBS News/YouGov poll, conducted between Nov. 28 and Dec. 1, surveyed 1,037 Alabamians registered to vote in Alabama. It further segmented the poll results into some results among registered voters and others among likely voters. Among registered voters, the margin of error is 3.8 percent. Among likely voters, the margin of error is 4.8 percent. The results of the election, with Moore leading Jones, were broken down to likely voters.Another part broken down to likely voters was polling specifically about the allegations about Moore. Perhaps unsurprisingly, a significant number of Alabamians do not believe the allegations against Moore one bit.  Breitbart Despite all of the money Democrats have poured into the race, Alabama voters are not buying the media reports that decades ago, several women were victims of Republican Senate candidate Judge Roy Moore, who they are now accusing of being a sexual predator. After many of the women s claims were called into question, including the claim made by Beverly Young-Nelson, whose stepson said she s  lying  about having a sexual encounter with the judge, and whose yearbook that was allegedly signed by Roy Moore has been called into question as a forgery. And then there s another accuser, Tina Johnson who lost her 12-year old son to her mother in a  nasty  custody battle, in a case where Roy Moore represented her mother. It s entirely plausible that Roy Moore s sexual assault accuser, Tina Johnson, had an ax to grind with Moore, the person who was able to successfully prove to the court that Johnson was  unfit  to care for him.To add insult to injury, only yesterday, President Trump appeared with RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel to announce record-breaking fundraising of over $120 million, which McDaniel attributed to President Trump.Watch: ",left-news,"Dec 3, 2017",0
Trump to nominate Elaine Duke as Homeland Security deputy secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Elaine Duke as deputy secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the White House said on Monday. Duke served in senior roles in the department in the administrations of George W. Bush and Barack Obama, most recently as under secretary for management from 2008 to 2010.     ",politicsNews,"January 31, 2017 ",1
 Keith Olbermann Lashes Out At Trump For Whining About Leaks With One Perfect Tweet,"Keith Olbermann just fired an angry tweet at Donald Trump that will almost certainly leave him seething in fury.Last week, Trump gave highly classified intelligence to Russian officials during a meeting in the Oval Office in which Russian state media was allowed but American journalists were banned.Spilling the intel puts the source of the information in jeopardy and hurts our national security.The Russians can even use the information in order to silence the source from revealing their own activity in Syria. In short, American intelligence gathering efforts against ISIS and Russia have just been seriously compromised.Outrage immediately ensued after the story broke, with both Democrats and Republicans expressing concern over Trump s actions. The optic are also terrible in light of the fact that Trump is embroiled in a growing scandal involving Russia and had fired FBI Director James Comey the day before the meeting.Of course, Trump took to Twitter on Tuesday to defend his actions, ending his rant by whining about leakers despite the fact that he leaked highly classified information to the Russians.As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017 to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017GQ special correspondent Keith Olbermann was NOT impressed, especially after reading the last tweet. So he lashed out at Trump with words every American wants to say to him right now.YOU are the leaker, you stupid, pea-brained, motherfucking traitor. RESIGN. https://t.co/ZRXevAonG9  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) May 16, 2017Donald Trump is a traitor. He violated his oath of office and violated the trust of an ally by sharing this intel with the Russians, who interfered with the 2016 Election by hacking into our political institutions. Was this the price the Russians demanded in exchange for helping Trump win? Because if it is, our national security is at serious risk. Russia would love nothing more than know everything we know. What s next? Will Trump share NATO strategies with Russia? How about the nuclear codes?Clearly, Trump is willing to give his Russian buddies anything, whether or not they actually ask for it. This is a violation of the American people s trust and there should be consequences. He should either resign in disgrace or be impeached and put behind bars where traitors belong. The Russians have a mole in the White House. His name is Donald Trump.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"May 16, 2017",0
“DONALD TRUMP DIET”…LIFELONG LIBERAL Tells  How His Leftist Friends Caused Him To Lose 7 Pounds After He Defended Donald Trump [VIDEO],"Every single day, liberals provide more and more evidence that Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome is a real thing. After the treatment liberal Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz received from his leftist friends for defending the law, and in the process defending President Trump, will he ever be able to embrace the people he used to believe were  tolerant  and  open-minded ?  WFB   Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz said Friday that he has lost seven pounds because his liberal friends have stopped inviting him to dinner parties for defending President Donald Trump against Democrats calling for him to be charged with obstruction of justice. Fox and Friends  co-host Ainsley Earhardt asked Dershowitz, a lifelong liberal who has donated thousands of dollars to Democrats, about liberals shunning him, noting that he usually agrees with liberals when he appears on the show. Well, I call it the Donald Trump diet,  Dershowitz said with a smile.  I ve lost seven pounds because my liberal friends have stopped inviting me to dinner parties. After four years, I ll be back to my high school weight. He added that many liberals do not want to understand his view and immediately accuse him of being on Trump s side.WATCH: I m on nobody s side. I m on the side of the rule of law, the Constitution, and the Constitution is clear [that if] a president exercises his constitutional authority by firing somebody or by pardoning somebody, that cannot be the basis for obstruction of justice,  Dershowitz said.  If he goes further and lies or tells his people to destroy evidence, of course, that s different. That s how [Richard] Nixon and [Bill] Clinton got in trouble, but President [Trump] cannot be charged with obstruction for simply exercising his Article 2 power under the Constitution. And that s the point of view you expressed on this program a couple of days ago,  co-host Steve Doocy added.  And then the president of the United States retweeted,  Hey you should watch Alan Dershowitz on Fox and Friends make that case,  but then your liberal friends, their heads started exploding, and I understand somebody even suggested that you re being paid off by the Trump people. Dershowitz mocked the idea that he is being paid off or that he wants to become a Supreme Court justice at the age of 79. He then mentioned that he also is being attacked for his article supporting Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. I m being criticized for that by people because that s what Trump said, and if Trump said it, that means Dershowitz can t say it because that means Dershowitz is on Trump s side,  Dershowitz said.  I m on the side of justice and fairness. ",left-news,"Dec 8, 2017",0
SHOCKING VIDEO: New Rape Clinic For Men Opens In Sweden Where Muslim “Asylum Seekers” Are Raping Swedish Citizens At Alarming Rate,"This is an eye-opening story and should be shared worldwide In Sweden, Muslim immigrants account for 5 percent of its population but commit 77 percent of its crime. Sweden s  rape crisis  is a direct result of an influx of Muslim  asylum seekers. Amnesty International reports that Sweden has the highest number of rapes in Europe and the lowest conviction rate. According to Swedish Public Radio, in Stockholm alone, over 1,000 Swedish women reported that a Muslim immigrant raped them; 300 were under age 15. (One third of those living in Stockholm are immigrants; 24 percent are Muslim). These numbers represent only 25 percent of all rapes in Stockholm because officials claim the majority are unreported. Despite this, the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention and the European Commissioner for Home Affairs  refuse to admit the assailants are Muslim. Forty years after the Swedish parliament unanimously decided to change the formerly homogenous Sweden into a multicultural country, violent crime has increased by 300% and rapes by 1,472%. Sweden is now number two on the list of rape countries, surpassed only by Lesotho in Southern Africa.Significantly, the report does not touch on the background of the rapists. One should, however, keep in mind that in statistics, second-generation immigrants are counted as Swedes.In an astounding number of cases, the Swedish courts have demonstrated sympathy for the rapists, and have acquitted suspects who have claimed that the girl wanted to have sex with six, seven or eight men.Michael Hess, a local politician from Sweden Democrat Party, encouraged Swedish journalists to get acquainted with Islam s view of women, in connection with the many rapes that took place in Cairo s Tahrir Square during the  Arab Spring . Hess wrote,  When will you journalists realize that it is deeply rooted in Islam s culture to rape and brutalize women who refuse to comply with Islamic teachings. There is a strong connection between rapes in Sweden and the number of immigrants from MENA-countries [Middle East and North Africa]. This remark led to Michael Hess being charged with  denigration of ethnic groups  [hets mot folkgrupp], a crime in Sweden. In May last year, he was handed a suspended jail sentence and a fine   the suspension was due to the fact that he had no prior convictions. The verdict has been appealed to a higher court.For many years, Michael Hess lived in Muslim countries, and he is well acquainted with Islam and its view of women. During his trial, he provided evidence of how sharia law deals with rape, and statistics to indicate that Muslims are vastly overrepresented among perpetrators of rape in Sweden. However, the court decided that facts were irrelevant.Here is a horrible story of a mother of two raped repeatedly by 7 Muslim  refugees  in Sweden:American Thinker -Jihad is one of the five  pillars  of Islam, the obligatory duties of every Muslim. Like Obama and all the rest, Sweden s political class is trying to say the obvious   no hate preaching, no violence   without actually saying so.Violence. The city of Malm , with a Muslim majority, is now the violent rape capital of Sweden. Socialist politicians are directly responsible for the suicidal mass immigration policy in Europe, where 44 million Muslims now live. Some of them seem to be assimilating to their host culture. Many are not. But the political elite everywhere in Europe can t admit to their suicidal immigration policy mistake. Which makes it impossible for Europe to fix their self-inflicted death sentence.In Sweden and Europe generally, nobody is yet allowed to talk about reducing mass immigration of violence-prone Muslims coming from the tribal lands of Pakistan, Afghanistan and the rest.Because that would be racist.Non-traditional sex is very, very prized in PC Sweden. LGBTs are a protected victim group, which means they have the power to expose, scapegoat, and, if possible, even fire dissenting heterosexuals from their jobs.Which is why Muslim migrants from the tribal lands of Central Asia see their hosts as ripe for religiously sanctioned violence and rape. So the Swedes are caught between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea.When politically correct ideologues can actually quote these verses from the Quran, they may begin to address the problem:Qur an (33:50)    O Prophet! We have made lawful to thee thy wives to whom thou hast paid their dowers; and those (slaves) whom thy right hand possesses out of the prisoners of war whom Allah has assigned to thee Qur an (8:69)    But (now) enjoy what ye took in war, lawful and good But just as Obama can t talk sensibly about jihad warfare in Islam, neither can the European socialists.Now, next door to Sweden, Norway recently expelled almost a thousand Muslim immigrants for serious crimes, and behold! The violent crime rate dropped by 30% in Norway. Amazing but true.Europe still suffers from a paralyzing multiculturalist hangover. It is awash in the mind-fog of PC, although here and there signs of sanity are gradually showing up like wildflowers after winter. The biggest trouble is that today s political class rose to power on the multicultural reign of intimidation.  Racist  scapegoats were viciously smeared by politicians, the media, and the schools, enforced by eager volunteers.The internet radio station Granskning Sverige called the mainstream newspapers Aftonposten and Expressen to ask why they had described the perpetrators as  Swedish men  when they actually were Somalis without Swedish citizenship. They were hugely offended when asked if they felt any responsibility to warn Swedish women to stay away from certain men. One journalist asked why that should be their responsibility.A hospital in Stockholm is understood to be first in the world to set up an emergency department specifically for male rape victims. The clinic at S dersjukhuset opened on Thursday as part of a strategy to ensure  gender equal  patient care.S dersjukhuset already runs a round-the-clock walk-in clinic for women and girls who have been sexually assaulted in the city, treating between 600 and 700 patients a year. Now, the hospital, which hosts the largest emergency care unit in the Nordic region, is opening its doors to men and boys who are victims of rape and sex attacks. We are happy that we now can finally open the first rape clinic for men following the rape clinic for women,  Rasmus Jonlund, a press spokesperson for the Liberal Party, which led the campaign for the department in the Swedish capital, told The Local just ahead of the launch. It is the first in Sweden ( ) We think it is the first in the world. We haven t found another from our research on the world wide web,  he added.Buckle up America Unless President Trump is allowed to change the way we vet refugees coming into America from nations where rape is acceptable, this will be coming to America s door step very soon ",left-news,"Oct 17, 2015",0
Boiler Room EP #119 – Zombie Disneyland & The Decline of Western Society,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and nineteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! The gang is covering a number of topics this week including the rise in public displays of pathological ego & mental illness, Trumps tweets on transgenders in the military, an upcoming 9/11 movie with Charlie Sheen, Grenfell Tower and some thoughts on the deaths of Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell..Direct Download Episode #119Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",Middle-east,"July 29, 2017",0
 Paul Ryan Quotes Mel Gibson In A Desperate Attempt To Not Be The Next John Boehner,"Paul Ryan is learning quickly that John Boehner had good reason to cry all the time. The Speaker of the House of Representatives is the leader of his or her party. The third most powerful person in the free world. Speakers enjoy visibility and influence above and beyond any other representative in the chamber.That s how it used to be, anyway, when the speaker was a position respected by their own party. From the days of Tip O Neil and Tom Foley to Dennis Hastert and even Newt Gingrich, the Speaker of the House commanded respect.Unfortunately for Republicans, their base began to die off and they needed to replenish, so they decided to go ahead and back the super-zealots of the Tea Party, who have now morphed into the  Freedom Caucus,  and things will never be the same. There have always been fringe-right congressmen and women. Michele Bachmann wasn t the first complete moron to deny science on the house floor, but she was one of the first to be counted among dozens who have actually come together to mold the Republican party platform into something even more conservative and stubborn than we re all used to.They pushed John Boehner right out of office and back to Ohio. They held the seat hostage until they found someone they could agree would do as much damage as possible. They grudgingly allowed Ryan to be elected, lest Nancy Pelosi steal the seat out from under the party, but promised that the honeymoon wouldn t last long.So far it s been easy for Ryan. Everything coming down the pike has been party-line and cut-and-dry. All of that will change when the budget process comes around again and the deal struck last year to pass the omnibus package has to stay glued together. The last thing Ryan and the Republicans want is for the Democrats to be able to point at them and laugh, yet again, because they couldn t be bothered to put aside their internal differences and govern. To quote William Wallace in Braveheart,  Paul Ryan said on Wednesday morning,  we have to unite the clans.  It was the single sound bite he released to the press before a meeting of congressional conservatives. Uniting the clans, as he is finding out, is going to take a lot more than condescending looks towards the President during State of the Union addresses.He was fresh out of a meeting just half a day earlier that the Huffington Post said  did not go well  with those Freedom Caucus members whose entire purpose in Washington is to return the United States to 1789 and force a do-over, with the several states ruling themselves and the Federal government being a non-existent figure-head good for dinners with world leaders and state funerals.Ryan probably expected a long run when he accepted the job as speaker. If he can t gain control of his own party, he may be looking for a new job sooner than later.Featured Image by Gage Skidmore ",News,"February 5, 2016",0
" Trump Supporter Holds Armed Anti-Muslim Rally, But Nobody Shows Up (IMAGES/VIDEO)","Donald Trump s bigoted anti-Muslim rhetoric has inspired his equally hateful followers to hold all sorts of bigotry-inspired events to show just how much they hate everyone who isn t a die hard right-wing Christian. Case in point- one Jim Stachowiak who held an armed, open carry event to protest Muslims at the Georgia Capitol, which he dubbed United against Islam and Islamic immigration refugee. He encouraged attendees to come bearing as many arms as they like, and their intended activities included ripping up photos of President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Loretta Lynch, and the Prophet Mohammed. If that isn t offensive enough for you, Stachowiak also intended to rip up a Qu ran.This bigot s so-called rally was an epic fail, though. Guess how many people besides the rally s organizers showed up? ONE. Yep, you read that right. Only one person showed up to the hate rally, when originally there was going to be a supposed 200 people in attendance. The people at the Capitol took what Stachowiak was doing seriously, and rightly so, since Stachowiak is a known right-wing gun nut. According to The Daily Beast:The right-wing agitator has been calling on the government to  STOP MUSLIM IMMIGRATION  for years, loves brandishing his large firearms, and wants you to know that  JESUS CHRIST WAS NOT A PACIFIST. He also enjoys referring to himself as a well-armed, proud  crusader  and  infidel  against the forces of  Islam, and any other Satanic Death Cult that would destroy our Liberty. Capitol Police Chief Lewis G. Young warned people who would have the misfortune of having to work near this insane demonstration that rally participants would liked have a bunch of guns. His warning also said: DPS is currently monitoring the threat risk and, together with GBA, is taking precautions to make Capitol Hill a safe environment. However, it was all for naught, because there was, according the social media evidence, one lone idiot out there at the Capitol protesting Muslims by himself. Here are a couple of tweets documenting that:Anti-Muslim protest setting up. pic.twitter.com/fpgbrBQWOt  Aaron Gould Sheinin (@asheinin) April 18, 2016From today's rally: ""We're not Against Muslims"" says the man who destroyed a Qur'an just minutes earlier. #gapol pic.twitter.com/01wiw6pRwy  Robbie Medwed (@rjmedwed) April 18, 2016So, in other words, this fool was out there in the hot Georgia sun all by himself, letting everyone in attendance   him and a bunch of reporters   see just how hateful and batshit insane he really is. The only silver lining to this disgusting display of hate is that this moron couldn t find anyone to marinate in his hate with him.Featured image via video screen capture from Twitter",News,"April 18, 2016",0
BREAKING: CONDI RICE Meets With Mike Pence In Trump’s D.C. Transition Office,"How many outspoken  never-Trumper s  is Donald willing to consider for roles in his administration?Vice President-elect Mike Pence met with former Secretary of State Condoleezza  Condi  Rice in the Washington, D.C., transition office on Wednesday to discuss bringing her on board the new administration.Great catching up today in the DC transition office with my good friend @CondoleezzaRice. pic.twitter.com/Qd4K8BeVo2  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 30, 2016According to a producer with NBC, when asked how the meeting went, Rice said,  Terrific. Thank you.  The same producer, Vaughn Hillyard, noted that when he asked Rice about the secretary of state post, she smiled at him:Condoleezza Rice on her meeting with Pence & the SoS post: ""Terrific. Thank you."" pic.twitter.com/F77IApEtaN  Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) November 30, 2016Rice went to work as a professor at Stanford University, where she currently teaches, after President George W. Bush left the White House in 2009. She has been considered for vice president but expressed that she was not interested.She is deemed a moderate on many issues, including immigration, and has maintained relatively hawkish views on foreign policy.",politics,"Dec 1, 2016",0
WATCH VIDEO: Russia Details Turkey’s Support Of ISIS,This report explains so much could this explain Obama s actions too? ,politics,"Nov 28, 2015",0
MUST WATCH VIDEO! MEGYN KELLY SPELLS IT OUT FOR THE CLUELESS AGAINST FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS, ,Government News,"May 9, 2015",0
BOOM! JULIAN ASSANGE OF WIKILEAKS Drops A Truth Bomb On Hillary…”Disturbing That FBI Director Comey Goes Along With That Game” [Video], ,politics,"Sep 7, 2016",0
"Putin thinks North Korea crisis will not go nuclear, diplomacy to prevail","VLADIVOSTOK, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he thought the North Korea crisis would not escalate into a large-scale conflict involving nuclear weapons, predicting that common sense would prevail. But he said he believed North Korea s leadership feared any freeze of its nuclear program would be followed by what amounted to  an invitation to the cemetery . Putin, speaking at an economic forum in the far eastern Russian port of Vladivostok alongside his South Korean counterpart and the Japanese prime minister, had previously warned that simmering tensions around Pyongyang s missile program could tip into  global catastrophe . But on Thursday, after days of talks with regional leaders and officials, Putin struck a more optimistic note, saying Russia could see that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump wanted to defuse tensions around North Korea.  I am sure that things will not go as far as a large-scale conflict, especially with the use of weapons of mass destruction,  Putin told delegates at the forum.  All the competing sides have enough common sense and understanding of their responsibility. We can solve this problem through diplomatic means.  Russia has a land border with North Korea less than 20 km (12 miles) long. Putin, who was sharing a platform with South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, has spent the past few days pushing for negotiations, calling on all sides to dial down rhetoric.  The United States wants the U.N. Security Council to impose an oil embargo on North Korea, ban its , and subject leader Kim Jong Un to an asset freeze and travel ban, according to a draft resolution seen by Reuters on Wednesday. Putin gave no indication on Thursday whether Moscow would back that resolution; but he and top Russian government officials have previously condemned the idea of tightening sanctions and shown little enthusiasm to stop modest fuel exports to Pyongyang or send home North Korean workers. Instead, Russia, along with China, has advocated a  freeze for freeze  plan, under which the United States and South Korea would stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs. Neither side appears willing to budge so far however. Putin said Pyongyang would not end its nuclear and missile programs because it viewed them as its only means of  self-defense.  It s impossible to scare them,  said Putin. Pyongyang was being offered the prospect of no new sanctions if it froze its weapons programs, but Putin said North Korea believed the wider risks to its own security outweighed the potential economic benefits of such a concession.  We are telling them that we will not impose sanctions, which means you will live better, you will have more good and tasty food on the table, you will dress better,  said Putin.  But the next step, they think, is an invitation to the cemetery. And they will never agree with this.  ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
"Subdued by Harvey, Congress reconvenes facing fiscal tests","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hurricane Harvey devastated Texas, but could bring some fiscal order to Washington where Republicans and Democrats will need to put political differences aside in order to approve spending to repair the damage from flooding in and around Houston. Lawmakers returning to Washington after a month-long break are expected to swiftly agree to an initial request for nearly $8 billion in disaster aid, with the House of Representatives considering assistance on Wednesday. More requests will follow from the Trump administration, with the fractious Republicans who control the House and the Senate determined to look capable of governing in a crisis. Some estimates say Harvey could cost U.S. taxpayers almost as much as the total federal aid outlay of more than $110 billion for 2005’s record-setting Hurricane Katrina. That sobering cost and the urgent needs of Harvey’s victims have helped to calm a fiscal storm that had threatened to engulf Congress and President Donald Trump ahead of Oct. 1. The rancor revolves around the deadline for lawmakers to approve a temporary spending measure to keep the government from shutting down, as well as the need to raise the nation’s debt ceiling. “There’s reason to hope that in the wake of the tragedy in Texas ... there will be a renewed sense of community and common purpose that can help get things done,” said Michael Steel, a Republican strategist who once worked as spokesman for former House Speaker John Boehner. Before Harvey, Trump had threatened to veto such spending and trigger a shutdown if Congress refused to fund his proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall. He has dropped his threat, the Washington Post reported on Friday, making a shutdown less likely. As of the Labor Day holiday weekend, approval by Congress was widely anticipated in late September of a stopgap bill, or continuing resolution, to continue current spending levels for two to three more months. The need to help Hurricane Harvey victims “creates another reason as to why you’d want to keep the government open,”  Republican Senator Roy Blunt said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” Sunday. With much of Washington distracted by tensions with North Korea over its nuclear program, Congress must also raise the federal debt ceiling by the end of September or early October to stave off an unprecedented U.S. government debt default, which would shake global markets. The debt ceiling caps how much money the U.S. government can borrow, and some conservatives are loath to raise it without spending reforms. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday said Congress should act quickly to increase the debt limit, otherwise relief funding for hurricane-ravaged areas of Texas might be delayed. “Without raising the debt limit, I am not comfortable that we will get money to Texas this month to rebuild,” Mnuchin said on Fox News Sunday. Blunt, a junior member of Senate Republican leadership, said it was possible lawmakers could tie legislation raising the debt ceiling to measures providing financial aid for recovery from Harvey. “That’s one way to do it,” he said on Meet the Press. The head of the Republican Study Committee, the largest group of House conservatives, said on Monday that Congress was obligated to help those hurt by Harvey. But Representative Mark Walker also warned that “legislative games” like attaching Harvey aid to a debt ceiling hike could jeopardize consensus. “The debt ceiling should be paired with significant fiscal and structural reforms,” he said in a statement. Senior Republicans were warning Trump not to anger Democrats by carrying through with his threat to curtail the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program for immigrant children, which Democrats widely support. Democratic votes will likely be needed to both raise the debt ceiling and prevent a shutdown. Trump might have listened to them. Sources said on Sunday that he has decided to scrap the program that shields the young  immigrants from deportation, but he will give Congress six months to craft a bill to replace it. With his tendency to send conflicting policy signals and attack fellow Republicans, Trump may present the biggest uncertainty as Congress gets back to work. The four top Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate and House are set to hold a rare bipartisan meeting with Trump on Wednesday to chart a path forward for the multiple fiscal issues. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, who will attend the meetings, spent much of August feuding with Trump, who attacked the Kentuckian repeatedly on Twitter. One Republican strategist said the Senate leader would not dwell on those tensions. “Basically every Republican senator is looking to put whatever nonsense happened on Twitter in August in the rear view mirror and focus on all the important work that needs to get done in September,” said Josh Holmes, a former chief of staff and campaign manager for McConnell. ",politicsNews,"September 4, 2017 ",1
WHY LIBERAL ACTRESS JENNIFER GARNER Is Bucking Hollywood Haters…Wants To Meet With President Trump,"Jennifer Garner has not given up on Donald Trump s Washington.The 44-year-old actress spent the weekend lobbying the town s pillars of power to support early education for poor rural children. She spent Friday on Capitol Hill meeting dozens of top staff members. On Saturday, she delivered the keynote address before the annual National Governors Association winter meeting here. A potential sit-down with Ivanka Trump, who is advocating for more funding for child care, fell apart because of scheduling conflicts, but Garner remained optimistic about a face-to-face discussion soon.Other Hollywood liberals have shunned the new commander in chief   notably during Sunday s Academy Awards ceremony, when many jokes were told at President Trump s expense. But Garner, a true-blue Democrat who campaigned for Hillary Clinton last year and held a fundraiser for Barack Obama in 2008, is taking a unique approach: pushing a cause that would benefit the new administration s political base.The West Virginia native has long worked to bring assistance to poor, rural communities in desperate need of it. She has no plans to change that just because most of those communities went big for Trump in last year s election. In fact, she sees an opportunity to hold the president accountable for the pledges he made to the country s rural working class.While other celebrities merely attach their names to charities to promote themselves, actress Jennifer Garner is actually very involved in helping poor children in her home state of West Virginia.According to a study by British academics, when celebrities lend their names to a good cause, they are usually the main beneficiaries I m looking forward to helping him make good on what they saw as promises, a mandate from him, that he was going to make their lives better,  Garner said in a 45-minute interview with The Washington Post.That makes Trump s presidency a psychological test of sorts for some members of the Hollywood elite, who can either demonstrate their true commitment to the causes they push   or expose their charity work here as more about bolstering themselves.Very much in the former camp, Garner acknowledged that some of her friends  want to turn their back to this administration . . . [and] just wouldn t even want to engage. Not her.  If he s willing to help the poor kids who got him elected, then let s do it. They certainly think he s going to,  she said.She grew up solidly middle class, but she knew plenty of poor children who started elementary school behind and never caught up. They lived in the same sort of communities that Robert F. Kennedy, Shriver s uncle, visited in the mid-1960s along the Mississippi Delta, shaping the ideas of his 1968 presidential campaign.Garner returned home to West Virginia last year to help raise money after devastating flooding in the state. Reliably Democratic during her childhood, West Virginia ended up giving Trump his largest margin of victory   something she could see coming by talking to people in economically depressed areas. People felt like Trump really understood them, that he was going to come in and create jobs for them,  she said.  They felt like they needed something to just turn everything upside down. It s that level of despair that leaves Garner willing to deal with Trump when some of her friends want to offer nothing but resistance. She may even be willing to meet the president. Send me a ticket to Mar-a-Lago. I m ready to go down and have a steak and a good chat,  she said, only half joking about the prospect.  I really think it s great, if he s willing to help the poor kids who got him elected.    Washington PostWe applaud Garner for her courage and her true commitment to poor children in her home state of West Virginia.Watch this short clip explaining why Garner s so passionate about helping these kids in West Virginia:",politics,"Feb 28, 2017",0
House budget chief expects budget resolution approval in October 5 vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Budget Committee Chairman Diane Black said on Thursday Republican had enough votes to pass a fiscal 2018 budget resolution which is needed to move tax reform legislation forward, adding that she expects the House to vote on Thursday, Oct. 5. “I think we’re going to absolutely have the votes,” the Tennessee Republican told Reuters. “People are excited about tax reform.” By passing a budget resolution, Congress would unlock a legislative tool known as reconciliation, which Republicans need to move tax legislation through the Senate with a simple majority of 51 votes. They control the chamber by a 52-48 margin and would need 60 votes for passage without reconciliation.   ",politicsNews,"September 28, 2017 ",1
Five Things To Look Out For With Trump’s Pentagon,"21st Century Wire says Although he had some great ideas on the campaign trail, still expect the war hawks and Israeli Lobby instruments like John Bolton, Tom Cotton, and Rudy Giuliani to gradually nudge the new President and his administration, in a concerted attempt to try and reshape Trump s relatively common sense campaign foreign policy directives  Kristina Wong and Rebecca Kheel The HillDonald Trump s election was as much a surprise to the defense world as it was to much of the nation. Here are five key things the Pentagon can expect from Trump. 1. Rising spendingTrump has called for a much bigger military and some experts think he could increase defense spending by 20 percent, from $583 billion in 2017 to nearly $700 billion.While that may sound like a lot, it is in line with what the Obama administration projected for 2012 before the Pentagon was hit with sequestration   mandatory budget caps imposed by the 2011 Budget Control Act.Trump has called for increasing the size of the active duty Army from 475,000 to 540,000 troops, and the Marine Corps from 24 to 36 battalions. He wants to build a 350-ship Navy, have 1,200 fighter aircraft in the Air Force and increase missile defense.Trump has pledged to lift limits on spending from the 2011 budget bill, something that would require action by Congress and could be difficult. The limits are in place until 2021.The Congress is controlled by the GOP, but not all Republicans are in favor of more military spending.Increasing defense spending could also increase the deficit, something Trump and the GOP are loathe to do. He separately wants to cut taxes, including for the wealthy, would could add to deficit concerns.2. Targeting ISISTrump has said he would  aggressively pursue  military operations to  crush and destroy  the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, but what that would entail is far from clear.By the time Trump takes office on Jan. 20, offensives to retake ISIS s strongholds in both countries will be underway, but the terrorist group is expected to continue waging an insurgency in both places even if they fall.Trump would likely seek cooperation with Russia in Syria to defeat ISIS, but it s not clear what that would mean. Russia began an air campaign there in September 2015, but has been hitting anti-regime rebels supported by the U.S., as well as civilians.Trump has also called for international cooperation to cut off ISIS s funding, expanding intelligence sharing, and cyberwarfare to disrupt its propaganda and recruiting. Trump has said he would also  decimate  Al Qaeda.3. Syria and AfghanistanNearly 500,000 people have been killed and 11 million displaced by the Syrian war, an intractable problem for President Obama.Trump has suggested that Syria President Bashar al-Assad is better than the  alternative,  which would be the coalition of anti-regime rebels that include U.S.-backed moderates as well as extremists. At the same time, Trump has said he would build safe zones in Syria, in order to stop the flow of refugees into Europe.Those two goals are somewhat contradictory, as Syria and Russia have a broad definition of  terrorists  and have been hitting those civilians the safe zones would protect. U.S. defense officials and experts say implementing safe zones would mean war with Syria, and possibly Russia.Trump s future policy in Afghanistan, where the U.S. has 9,800 troops, is also unclear.Before his bid for presidency, he had called for withdrawing troops, and criticized efforts to nation-build in the country. He reiterated that sentiment earlier this year, saying at a rally in August that he would end  the era of nation building. However, with the Taliban making a comeback, and al Qaeda and ISIS militants also trying to build safe havens, there will be pressure for Trump to maintain U.S. troops in Afghanistan.4. Closer ties with Russia?U.S. relations with Russia could improve under Trump.Trump has said he could meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin before he takes office in January, and repeatedly complimented him during the campaign.His statements on Russia s invasion of the Ukraine territory in Crimea and his refusal to blame Russia for cyber hacks against U.S. political institutions has unnerved people in both parties.It s possible Trump won t change policy toward Russia.Vice President-elect Indiana Gov. Mike Pence (R) took a much harder line against Russia during the campaign, suggesting during the vice presidential debate that the U.S. Could take military action against Russia in Syria.Trump will likely face staunch opposition to cozier relations from Congress from key Republicans such as Sen. John McCain (Ariz.).Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), whose name has been floated for secretary of State under Trump, has been highly critical of Russia s role in Syria.Some experts say although Trump may seek to actively engage Russia, cooperation would likely be based on what s mutually beneficial. He is a deal maker so he s going to want things in return for giving Russia what it is seeking,  said Paul Schwartz, defense analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.Trump s win also puts the future of the 67-year-old NATO alliance in question at a time when lawmakers are working on bulking up the eastern flank to deter an increasingly aggressive Russia and finding ways to combat hybrid warfare, cyber attacks and terrorism.Trump called NATO obsolete multiple times over the course of the campaign, saying it should do more to fight terrorism. Trump also said he would look at whether NATO allies have  fulfilled their obligations to us  before deciding whether to defend them if they are attacked.Just five of 28 members meet the goal of spending 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense: the United States, the United Kingdom, Greece, Estonia and Poland.Michael O Hanlon, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said there are a few paths Trump could take to fulfill his campaign promise.In one scenario, Trump could immediately pull out of commitments to defend countries that aren t meeting their 2 percent obligations.Trump could also make deals with such countries that give them a few years to meet the goal.5. Guantanamo staysWith President Obama unlikely to fulfill his pledge to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility by Jan. 20, Trump will inherit the facility and almost certainly keep it open Continue this story at The HillREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",US_News,"November 16, 2016",0
BREAKING NEWS: Facebook Killer Dead…Here Are The Details [VIDEO],"MI, PA, OH and NY residents were all warned he could be anywhere in their state. Thank God he was caught and is no longer a danger to innocent people who may have encountered him Kudos to the PA State Police Department!The man who posted a Facebook Live video showing him fatally shooting an elderly man in Cleveland died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday morning, authorities in Pennsylvania said.Steve Stephens had been on the run since Sunday. State police found Stephens s body in a white Ford Fusion after a brief pursuit in Erie, Pa., Tuesday morning.Steve Stephens was spotted this morning by PSP members in Erie County. After a brief pursuit, Stephens shot and killed himself.  PA State Police (@PAStatePolice) April 18, 2017In a Facebook Live video, Stephens, 37, could be seen fatally shooting Robert Godwin, 74, in Cleveland. The episode sparked a nationwide search for Stephens, who fled soon after the shooting.In the video, Stephens claimed that he had killed 15 people that same day, though only Godwin s murder could be confirmed.  The HillStephens  mom, Maggie Green, told Fox News on Tuesday she heard the news of her son s death on the radio. She said she believed he would commit suicide because he visited her house before the murder to say goodbye. Momma this will be the last time you see me I just wanted to see you for the last time,'  Green said that Stephens told her.Green said Stephens had an issue with gambling. Steve was a good Christian person he just snapped he had a gambling problem,  she said.At a press conference earlier this morning, Cleveland police said they did not know where Stephens was.  FOX News",politics,"Apr 18, 2017",0
Iran says weaponry displayed by Haley is 'fabricated',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iran rejected as unfounded a U.S. accusation on Thursday that it supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Nov. 4, describing weaponry displayed by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley as  fabricated.   Iran s mission to the United Nations said in a statement that the accusation by the United States was  irresponsible, provocative and destructive.    These accusations seek also to cover up for the Saudi war crimes in Yemen, with the U.S. complicity, and divert international and regional attention from the stalemate war of aggression against the Yemenis,  the statement said.   ",worldnews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
 The Rockettes Are Hitting Back At Being Forced To Perform For Trump; Here’s How To Help,"With no one wanting to perform for Donald Trump at the inauguration, people are now people forced to perform. And the people being forced to perform are the legendary Radio City Rockettes. They are contractually obligated to perform.In fact, the Rockettes union is calling any form of boycott of the event  invalid. According to BroadwayWorld:BroadwayWorld has obtained and confirmed the authenticity of an email sent from the American Guild of Variety Artists to what appears to be Rockettes in its membership as a response to the announcement that some Rockettes do not want to participate in the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump.The email reads:  We have received an email from a Rockette expressing concern about getting  involved in a dangerous political climate  but I must remind you that you are all employees, and as a company, Mr. Dolan obviously wants the Rockettes to be represented at our country s Presidential inauguration, as they were in 2001 & 2005. Any talk of boycotting this event is invalid, I m afraid. Everyone is entitled to her own political beliefs, but there is no room for this in the workplace. The email continues in bolded, underlined font:  If you are not full time, you do not have to sign up to do this work. If you are full time, you are obligated. Doing the best performance to reflect an American Institution which has been here for over 90 years is your job. I hope this pulls into focus the bottom line on this work. The Rockettes aren t taking this sitting down. Rockette Phoebe Pearl wrote on Instagram: I usually don t use social media to make a political stand but I feel overwhelmed with emotion. Finding out that it has been decided for us that Rockettes will be performing at the Presidential inauguration makes me feel embarrassed and disappointed. The women I work with are intelligent and are full of love and the decision of performing for a man that stands for everything we re against is appalling. I am speaking for just myself but please know that after we found out this news, we have been performing with tears in our eyes and heavy hearts. We will not be forced! #notmypresident However, they are still being forced, and it is not okay. Donald Trump has been shown on tape to admitting to sexually assaulting women by forcing himself on them sexually, and insinuating it s fine because he s famous. Now, in a weird and disgusting parallel, these female performers are once again being forced to do something for Trump against their will at risk of losing their jobs. It s horrifically befitting.But you can stand up for them by contacting their union and letting them know that these women shouldn t be forced to do anything they re uncomfortable with.Here s the contact info:.@Rockettes being CONTRACTUALLY FORCED into performing at the sexual predator's inauguration. #AGVA threatening to fire and/or sue if not. pic.twitter.com/Z7dIGwmSaV  Kevin Clamato (@KevinClamato) December 23, 2016It s not the fault of these women that no one wants to perform for Trump, so they had to go and find performers who are contractually obligated. They shouldn t have to fear losing their jobs because they don t want to perform for a person as vile as Trump.Featured Photo by Isaac Brekken, Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"December 23, 2016",0
Mexico's new finance minister spurns Donald Trump,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s new finance minister on Thursday delivered a stern reproach to Donald Trump, saying the only thing he agreed on with the U.S. Republican presidential candidate was that his predecessor in the ministry was an excellent public servant. The comments follow the resignation of Luis Videgaray as finance minister on Wednesday after he came under fire for Trump’s visit to Mexico City last week, which Mexican diplomats said he was instrumental in arranging. Trump has infuriated Mexicans with a series of broadsides against the United States’ southern neighbor, and his hastily arranged visit to meet President Enrique Pena Nieto a week ago sparked heavy criticism of the government. Presenting the government’s 2017 budget plan just a day after his appointment, the new finance minister, Jose Antonio Meade, did not mince his words when he was asked about recent comments by Trump on Videgaray at a news conference. “I’d like to point out that the only thing, absolutely the only thing I agree on with candidate Trump is that Luis Videgaray is an exceptional public servant,” Meade said. The outspoken American real estate mogul has vowed to make Mexico pay for a border wall to keep out illegal immigrants, as well as threatening to carry out mass deportations and tear up trade treaties crucial to its economy. Late on Wednesday, Trump commented on Videgaray’s resignation on NBC television when he was asked if the United States could take a chance with him as commander-in-chief. “Well, I think absolutely,” he said. “I think if you saw what happened in Mexico the other day...I let them know where the United States stands. I mean, we’ve been badly hurt by Mexico...And if you look at what happened, look at the aftermath today where the people that arranged the trip in Mexico have been forced out of government. That’s how well we did.” In an apparent u-turn on those remarks, on Thursday Trump tweeted his appreciation for Videgaray, who was widely seen as Pena Nieto’s closest advisor in the Cabinet. “Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pena Nieto,” he said. “With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the United States would have benefitted.” Meade, a friend of Videgaray’s, was foreign minister when Trump launched his presidential bid in June 2015. He later moved to another ministry before his appointment on Wednesday as finance minister, a job he also held in the previous government. ",politicsNews,"September 8, 2016 ",1
Democrat Clinton says China likely to commit more 'bad acts' in trade ,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton on Friday said that as the Chinese economy slows, China will engage in more damaging practices in global trade. “But now that China’s economy is slowing down we can expect even more bad acts from them,” she said in a speech in Detroit. “It’ll look to dump products overseas to make up for lost demand at home. So we have to stop that right now.” Clinton is the front runner for her party’s nomination to the November presidential election.   (Reporting by Luciana Lopez; Additional reporting by Michelle Conlin; Editing by Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",politicsNews,"March 4, 2016 ",1
Anti-Trump Protesters Scream Profanities at FOX News in Segment on Peaceful Protests,Lefty losers  ,left-news,"Mar 11, 2016",0
 Obama’s Press Secretary Just Got A New Job; Trump’s Going To HATE It (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is soon going to be unleashing even more  fake news  attacks on the media than ever before.It turns out that former President Barack Obama s Press Secretary, Josh Earnest, just got a new job   and it s definitely going to piss the entire Trump administration off. While most Americans miss seeing Earnest s press briefings   especially because he s been replaced by pathetic Sean Spicer   we will now be able to see him speak regularly as a political contributor for NBC News and MSNBC!NBC News President Noah Oppenheim and MSNBC President Phil Griffin made this announcement on Monday, and it s clear that they couldn t be happier with Earnest joining the team, considering his extensive political experience under Obama. The memo they circulated this morning said: We are pleased to announce that Josh Earnest will join NBC News and MSNBC as a Political Analyst. As you may have seen, he made his debut this morning on  Today  and  Morning Joe. Josh recently completed a ten-year run with President Obama, most recently serving as White House Press Secretary from 2014-2017.Josh joined the Obama presidential campaign in March 2007 as the Iowa communications director, and went on to serve as deputy communications director during the 2008 general election. Josh has also worked on numerous national, statewide and local campaigns over the course of his twenty years in politics. As expected, Earnest s debut was nothing but epic, and it s just what we would expect from the former Press Secretary after working closely with Obama for so many years. Earnest marked his first day in his new role in NBC s Today, where he didn t hesitate to talk about what a massive failure Trump was and how pathetic the GOP s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare was.You can watch Earnest s debut here:Featured image via Gage Skidmore / Flickr",News,"March 27, 2017",0
Bridgewater's Dalio says Trump's populist policies could hurt world economy,"(Reuters) - Ray Dalio, founder of the world’s largest hedge fund Bridgewater Associates LP, said he is increasingly concerned about the Trump administration’s “populist” policies that could hurt the world economy. The detrimental effects of these policies could be more powerful than the beneficial effects of Trump’s pro-business policies, Dalio and co-Chief Investment Officer Bob Prince said on Tuesday. “We are now in a period of time when how this balance tilts will be more important to the economy, markets, and our well-beings than normally dominant drivers such as central bank policies,” Dalio and Prince said in a note. “While there is a lot of potential to improve fiscal policies and make beneficial structural reforms, there is also a significant risk that his populist policies could hurt the world economy (and worse).” In November, Dalio said Trump’s policies would have a “broadly positive” effect on the U.S. economy and that bond prices likely made a “30-year top.” Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries. Bridgewater oversees about $150 billion in client assets. ",politicsNews,"February 1, 2017 ",1
MUST WATCH VIDEO: HERE’S WHY “DEEP STATE” Is At War With Trump As Democrats Cheer [Video],"One of our biggest concerns is that so many Americans don t realize the magnitude of just how much our nation is in deep trouble. With the election of Trump, the  shadowy foes  have been coming out and showing themselves to attack Trump. Glenn Greenwald does a great job of explaining what s going on:Co-founding editor of The Intercept says opponents have used the media in open warfare against the President-elect, and the CIA wanted Hillary Clinton to win the presidency:Look no further than Buzzfeed to see what he s talking about:BUZZFEED S EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Attempts Lame Explanation Of Why He Published Fake News On Trump:  This was absolutely the right thing to do  [Video]GREENWALD:The Deep State Goes to War with President-Elect, Using Unverified Claims, as Democrats Cheer:This is the faction that is now engaged in open warfare against the duly elected and already widely disliked president-elect, Donald Trump. They are using classic Cold War dirty tactics and the defining ingredients of what has until recently been denounced as  Fake News. Their most valuable instrument is the U.S. media, much of which reflexively reveres, serves, believes, and sides with hidden intelligence officials. And Democrats, still reeling from their unexpected and traumatic election loss as well as a systemic collapse of their party, seemingly divorced further and further from reason with each passing day, are willing   eager   to embrace any claim, cheer any tactic, align with any villain, regardless of how unsupported, tawdry and damaging those behaviors might be READ MORE: THE INTERCEPT",left-news,"Jan 13, 2017",0
WATCH: HILARIOUS AD Calls Into Question Health Of Aging Clinton Crime Family Bosses,"After watching this telling video, you ll wonder if instead of working so hard to get back into the White House, Hillary s time would be better spent looking into an assisted living situation for her and Bill ",politics,"Mar 24, 2016",0
Tillerson accuses Iran of 'alarming provocations' as U.S. reviews policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday accused Iran of ‘alarming ongoing provocations’ to destabilize countries in the Middle East as the Trump administration launched a review of its policy toward Tehran. Tillerson told reporters the review, which he announced on Tuesday, would not only look at Tehran’s compliance with a 2015 nuclear deal but also its behavior in the region which he said undermined U.S. interests in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Lebanon.   His tough words matched those of U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who said in a visit to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday that Iran’s destabilizing influence would have to be overcome to end the conflict in Yemen.  President Donald Trump ordered the review to evaluate whether suspension of sanctions related to the nuclear deal was “vital to the national security interests of the United States,” Tillerson said     Though there was no sign the Trump administration intended to walk away from the deal, Tillerson twice cautioned that if left unchecked Tehran could become a threat like North Korea, which is also under pressure over its nuclear ambitions.  In a letter to U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan released late on Tuesday, Tillerson declared that Iran was meeting its commitments under the 2015 nuclear deal but there were concerns about Tehran’s role as a state sponsor of terrorism. “A comprehensive Iran policy requires we address all of the threats posed by Iran and it is clear there are many,” Tillerson told reporters at the State Department. Tillerson said the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers failed “to achieve the objective of a non-nuclear Iran and only delays their goal of becoming a nuclear state.” Iran has yet to comment on the Trump administration’s review, but Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei warned in November that Tehran would retaliate if the United States breached the nuclear agreement. Tillerson said one of the mistakes in the way the agreement was put together was that it ignored all the other serious threats Iran posed outside of its nuclear program. “That is why we have to look at Iran in a very comprehensive way in terms of the threat it poses in all areas of the region and the world,” he added. “This deal represents the same failed approach of the past that brought us to the current imminent threat we face from North Korea,” Tillerson said of the nuclear deal. The nuclear agreement, negotiated during Barack Obama’s presidency, placed limitations on Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions against Iran. Tillerson’s notice to Congress was part of a 90-day process in which the president has to certify that Iran is complying with the nuclear accord. It is the first update under the Trump administration. The next test of Trump’s attitude toward the nuclear deal will be in May when he must decide whether to extend sanctions waivers for Iran first signed by President Barack Obama. During his presidential campaign, Trump called the agreement “the worst deal ever negotiated” and said he would review it once he reached office.  The European Union’s foreign policy chief, Frederica Mogherini, said last month after meetings with senior Trump administration officials she was reassured in the talks that the U.S. was committed to fully implementing the deal. ",politicsNews,"April 19, 2017 ",1
California senators seek methane leak task force in U.S. energy bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The two U.S. Senators representing California said on Friday they will propose a federal task force to investigate the cause and response to the massive natural gas leak near Los Angeles. Democratic Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein announced they will introduce an amendment to a national energy bill being debated by the Senate that would direct U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to lead a task force that will recommend how to solve the ongoing methane leak and prevent future incidents. Southern California Gas Company’s Aliso Canyon Natural Gas Storage Facility, which sprung a leak in October that has not yet been sealed, has raised alarms about the danger of aging oil and gas infrastructure. There is little oversight of the 400 underground natural gas storage facilities in 30 U.S. states. “We have a responsibility not only to address this leak, but also to ensure nothing like this ever happens again,” Feinstein said in a statement. The amendment is one of nearly 100 that senators have introduced or plan to offer next week, as the Senate works to pass the country’s first major energy bill in over eight years. The bill, which aims to modernize the country’s aging energy infrastructure, is one of the few in Congress to have bipartisan support. Senate Majority Leader McConnell said he expects the legislation to pass late next week, after members vote on the list of amendments. The California senators’ proposal would direct Moniz to lead a six-member intergovernmental task force to study the impacts of the leak on affected communities as well as the environment and issue its findings within six months. Those findings and subsequent updates would help agencies such as the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) help respond to the leak. The task force would recommend whether to continue operations at Aliso Canyon and other facilities in close proximity to densely populated areas. Other amendments the Senate will consider next week include a proposal by Michigan Democrats to deal with another environmental crisis - lead water contamination in Flint. The proposal would also direct $200 million for a research center to focus on the needs of children, and would also require the EPA to warn the public of high lead levels in drinking water if a state fails to do so. ",politicsNews,"January 29, 2016 ",1
"Looking past vote, U.S. coal country sees millennials as key to revival","HUNTINGTON, WV (Reuters) - When Carissa Sellards talks to her West Virginia University friends about post-graduation plans, one dilemma keeps coming up – whether to stay in their home state or strike out for more promising opportunities elsewhere. If recent history holds, over half of them will either not find work or leave the state, contributing to a brain drain of young talent that is pushing the state to try to reinvent its economy and break with a coal industry in long-term decline.  “Companies don’t come here to invest because they only associate us with coal,” said Sellards, a 20-year-old sophomore who addressed the state legislature when she was in high school about the lack of opportunities for young people in a post-coal economy. The often stark choices faced by Sellards and other young, educated West Virginians underline the challenges awaiting Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton here and in other “Rust Belt” states if she wins the Nov. 8 election, as most polls suggest she will. West Virginia is expected to vote decisively for Republican Donald Trump, who has gained in recent polls and promises to revive the coal industry and put miners back to work by easing environmental restrictions and renegotiating trade deals to America’s advantage. It is a message that has resonated with millions of older voters in other Rust Belt states facing declines in manufacturing jobs and feeling threatened by foreign competition.     But it largely rings hollow for college-educated millennials like Sellards, who are seeking jobs in the service economy or technology sector. By contrast, Clinton alienated swathes of West Virginia voters by saying earlier this year that “we’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business” in transitioning to cleaner energy. Coal industry backers have long accused President Barack Obama of waging a “war on coal” by imposing tougher environmental standards. Clinton later apologized for her comment, and has proposed a $30 billion plan to help revitalize coal communities. The plan promises to secure health benefits for former coal workers, invest in new infrastructure such as broadband access, and repurpose old mines and power plant sites. Clinton energy adviser Trevor Houser has said her challenge will be to help coal and other Rust Belt communities deal with economic realities rather than “false promises” of restoring dying industries. Beneath the nostalgic coal rhetoric, West Virginia officials and grassroots groups have quietly started to focus on reversing the flight of college-educated millennials to help drive an economic revival.  Of the 124,358 students who graduated from public higher education in West Virginia in the last decade, 58,730 were working in the state in 2014, a work participation rate of 47.2 percent, according to a report released by West Virginia University’s Bureau of Business and Economic Research on Monday.  The state had the 11th biggest net outflow of college degree holders from 2007-2014, according to the most recent U.S. census.  One barrier to keeping graduates in state is a business start-up rate that is the lowest in the country at 5.1 percent in 2014, the most recent year of available data. A Reuters analysis of national data shows a strong connection between migration patterns of college graduates and local start-up rates: Among the 25 states with start-up rates below the 2014 median of 6.8 percent, 19 saw a net outflow of college grads between 2007 and 2014. The debate over West Virginia’s economic future comes as its coal production this year hit its lowest level since the 1970s.  West Virginia’s energy sector, which includes coal, natural gas production and utilities, account for 17 percent of the state’s GDP but only 4 percent of employment. Coal industry employment plunged 53 percent between the fourth quarter of 2011 and the second quarter of 2016, down from nearly 26,000 to just over 12,000.  The government is the state’s biggest employer, accounting for 20 percent of jobs, with healthcare a fast-growing sector at 17 percent. In 2014, West Virginia’s real GDP grew 0.7 percent from the previous year compared to the national average of 2.2 percent.  The state is one of a few whose population shrank over the past two years, according to the latest national census. By median age it is the second-oldest U.S. state, four years above the national average.     At the West Virginia University Institute of Technology’s new campus in Beckley, which opened in August, close to some of the state’s coal counties, officials hope to turn the struggling city into an innovation hub. In addition to offering courses in burgeoning fields like computer science, sustainable tourism and health care, WVU Tech hosts the Launch Lab, a small business incubator that helps budding entrepreneurs bring ideas to fruition. Joe Carlucci, a small business coach and director of the LaunchLab, said West Virginia is at the start of a long process of reinvention after decades of mourning coal. “They are prepared to plant that seed and not see the shade of that tree,” he said. “They are seeing that we have to change our own story.” Although Clinton would struggle to regain popularity in Rust Belt states if elected, these regions would have an incentive to work with her administration to tap into federal grants. West Virginia Republican Congressman Evan Jenkins, a member of the House appropriations committee who represents the state’s southern coal-producing regions, said the state cannot turn down assistance to diversify its economy. “I want to continue fueling grant-making opportunities to unleash the entrepreneurial spirit and energy of the state’s millennials,” he told Reuters at a ceremony in August in which federal grants were awarded. But unleashing that spirit will require a significant investment in infrastructure, specifically broadband access, something that local lawmakers ignored when coal was still performing well eight years ago, said Chris Walters, a 30-year old Republican state senator.   Walters is focused on getting legislation passed to expand broadband access throughout the mountainous state, which ranks near the bottom of the list of broadband connectivity, just ahead of Guam and Puerto Rico. “If we don’t give connectivity to our residents, we aren’t giving them the opportunity to succeed in the global economy,” said Walters. In state capital Charleston, NGO Generation West Virginia has helped pass legislation to attract young entrepreneurs seeking low-cost alternatives to places like Denver or San Francisco, including a bill to waive business start-up fees to people under 30 and another to allow crowd-funding to help seed new businesses. Entrepreneurship also extends to industries like agriculture, which state officials see as an opportunity in the state’s rural coal counties. An entrepreneurship program called the Coalfield Development Corporation won a $2 million grant this year to help train young people from coal counties to run businesses, offering them college classes, life skills and paid apprenticeships. Ben Gilmer, the 34-year-old director of the corporation’s agriculture entrepreneurship program Refresh Appalachia, said part of Clinton’s challenge in coal country will be to sell the vision of a future that is unfamiliar. Small programs like his can offer concrete examples and help ease the transition, he said. “Politicians take advantage of people’s fear of what comes next,” Gilmer said. “But five years from now, we will have examples and that will speak louder than any rhetoric that’s out there.”  ",politicsNews,"November 3, 2016 ",1
Kerry says he accepts U.S. intelligence assessment on Russian hacking,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Thursday he accepted the U.S. intelligence assessment that the “highest level” of the Russian government was responsible for cyber attacks during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign. Asked during a news conference if he thought Russian President Vladimir Putin directed the hacking of the Democratic National Committee, Kerry said: “I accept the judgment of the intelligence community that this went to the highest level” of the Russian government. ",politicsNews,"January 5, 2017 ",1
Police search Finnish reporter's home after security article,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish police searched a reporter s home and seized her computer after she tried to destroy the hard drive to protect sources linked to a security story, her newspaper reported. The journalist, Laura Halminen, said she tried to smash up her computer with a hammer in her home, but the laptop then started smoking and she called the fire brigade, according to an interview published by her employer Helsingin Sanomat. Police officers who came to her home with the fire service to investigate the blaze then took her computer and searched her property, police said - a rare operation in a country rated high for protecting press freedom. The case centered on a story that Halminen and another journalist wrote on Saturday about a Finnish intelligence center that they said monitored neighboring Russia and, they reported, was about to get new powers to watch Finns online.  After the article s publication, Finland s President Sauli Niinisto released a statement saying authorities had launched an investigation in to the leaking of material used in the story. The reporter Halminen told her newspaper in the interview she had decided to destroy the computer  to make sure sources were protected in the best possible way . On Sunday, the police s National Bureau of Investigation said, officers went to the property and found the computer burning in the basement.  After that, a special home search was ordered to be carried out in the apartment and basement,  the force added. It said officers had had to act quickly because they feared material linked to an investigation could be destroyed. There were no reports of anyone being arrested or charged. The newspaper said the police also took phones and memory sticks in what it called a  very worrying  raid.  A house search of this scale targeting a journalist is totally exceptional in Finland,  Editor-in-chief, Kaius Niemi, said. Campaign group Reporters Without Borders ranked Finland third in its 2017 World Press Freedom Index, behind only Sweden and Norway. ",worldnews,"December 18, 2017 ",1
Shifting sands: What is changing in Saudi Arabia?,"(Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has ordered a crackdown on corruption, the latest in a wave of frenetic changes in the kingdom over the past 2-1/2 years. Prince Mohammed says he is determined to remodel his conservative country into a modern state no longer dependent on oil. As his father, King Salman bin Abdulaziz, has handed the 32-year-old Prince Mohammed more and more power over the past three years, the ambitious young leader has taken on everything from economic reforms to waging war in neighboring Yemen. Here is what you need to know. Prince Mohammed capped his rapid rise to power in June this year by replacing his elder cousin Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, widely known as MbN, as crown prince. A source close to King Salman said MbN s dismissal was  in the higher interests of the state  because he was incapacitated by morphine and cocaine addiction, a legacy of an assassination attempt that left shrapnel in his body. Reuters could not independently confirm MbN s addiction issues. ANTI-CORRUPTION CAMPAIGN Prince Mohammed tightened his grip on power with the start of the anti-corruption campaign at the weekend, purging the kingdom s political and business elite. Among those arrested were 11 princes.  Many Saudis welcomed the moves as an assault on the endemic theft of public funds by the powerful. U.S. President Donald Trump said those arrested had been  milking  their country for years  but some Western officials expressed unease about the possible reaction in Riyadh s opaque tribal and royal politics. Prince Mohammed launched a military campaign in neighboring Yemen in March 2015. A Saudi-led coalition, acting on an invitation from the internationally-recognized government, has targeted the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in a war which has killed more than 10,000 people. The war is closely identified with the prince in his role as defense minister. His image once adorned war propaganda but is rarely associated with the war now, although he has said it must continue in order to quash Iranian influence. Even before the conflict, Yemen was the poorest country on the Arabian peninsula and now millions of people there are facing famine and a cholera epidemic. The coalition denies it blocks commercial shipments of food, medicine and fuel. Prince Mohammed has helped lead a diplomatic campaign to isolate Qatar, saying Riyadh s erstwhile ally backs terrorism and cozies up to Iran. Qatar rejects the accusations and says it is being punished for straying from its neighbors  backing for authoritarian rulers. The campaign has divided Gulf Arab countries, who Washington regards as essential to its influence in the region. Qatar had incensed Riyadh by cheering Arab Spring uprisings against some autocratic Arab rulers.  Saudi Arabia s rivalry with Iran, its competitor for influence in the Middle East, has deepened as King Salman and Prince Mohammed worked to build a Sunni coalition against Tehran and its allies in the Arab world.  In May, as deputy crown prince, Prince Mohammed used unusually provocative language to rule out dialogue with revolutionary Shi ite Muslim theocracy Iran, which he said was trying to interfere in Arab lands and dominate the Muslim world. On Tuesday, state media quoted him as describing Iran s supply of rockets to militias in Yemen as  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war.  Prince Mohammed has also opened a new front in the proxy war with Iran by threatening Tehran s ally Hezbollah and its home country Lebanon. The resignation on Saturday of the Saudi-allied Lebanese prime minister, Saad al-Hariri, announced from Riyadh, was widely seen as the first act on this new front. The crown prince has also sought the help of Shi ite leaders in Iraq to try to reverse Iran s dominant role there and shore up security on the kingdom s northern border, and has tried to improve ties with the United States under Trump, who shares his and King Salman s antipathy to Iran s government. The planned sale of about 5 percent of national oil company Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] next year is a centerpiece of Vision 2030, Prince Mohammed s blueprint to move the economy away from what he called its  addiction to oil  toward the private sector. The IPO is expected to raise as much as $100 billion but investors wonder whether Aramco can be valued anywhere close to the $2 trillion figure announced by the crown prince and there has been market speculation that the IPO could be delayed beyond 2018 or shelved. He recently stated it would happen next year. Many Saudis have misgivings about the sale, with some fearing Riyadh is selling cheaply at a time of low oil prices. Vision 2030 has begun to reduce a big state budget deficit with austerity measures but has not yet created major new sources of non-oil growth or jobs. The phased removal of subsidies on fuel, water and electricity has started but some austerity moves have been unpopular. Already, some have been reversed or delayed as the economy has slowed because of low oil prices.  The plan includes private investment and privatizations and building the world s largest sovereign wealth fund. The aim is to create jobs and raise the participation of women in the workforce from 22 percent now to 30 percent by 2030.  Saudi Arabia adheres to an austere Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam, which bans gender mixing, concerts and cinemas.  Prince Mohammed s ascent represents a social and cultural sea change, with power set to be passed to a much younger generation seemingly more in tune with young Saudis. In moves that reinforce that perception, women will be permitted to drive from next year and allowed to attend sports events.  The crown prince has also said the country will move to a more open and tolerant interpretation of Islam, and reforms have begun in areas once the exclusive domain of the clergy such as education, courts and the law. Saudi authorities have promoted elements of national identity that have no religious component or pre-date Islam. Last month Prince Mohammed announced a $500-billion plan to create a business and industrial zone extending across its borders into Jordan and Egypt, part of his efforts to reduce dependence on oil. The 26,500 square-km (10,230 square-mile) zone, known as NEOM, will focus on industries including energy and water, biotechnology, food, advanced manufacturing and entertainment, and will power itself solely with wind power and solar energy. The crown prince says the government, Public Investment Fund and local and international investors are expected to sink billions into the zone in coming years. The crown prince told Reuters NEOM would be floated on financial markets alongside Aramco. ",worldnews,"November 8, 2017 ",1
TRUTH BOMB! PAUL RYAN SETS THE DEMS STRAIGHT ON HACKING SCAM: “This is clearly an attempt by democrats to delegitimize Trump”…”He won fair and square” [Video], ,politics,"Jan 6, 2017",0
REP PETER KING: “Intel Community Carrying Out Disinformation Campaign Against Trump ” [VIDEO],https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=JebHe3049aA,politics,"Dec 14, 2016",0
"Kelly says considering separating women, children at Mexico border","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Monday confirmed a Reuters report that he was considering a proposal to separate women and children who cross the U.S. border with Mexico illegally, a policy shift he said was aimed at deterring people from making a dangerous journey. Kelly was asked in a CNN interview about the proposal, first reported by Reuters on Friday, in which the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) would change U.S. policy and keep parents in custody while putting children in the care of the Health and Human Services Department. “Yes, I am considering - in order to deter more movement along this terribly dangerous network - I am considering exactly that,” Kelly said. “We have tremendous experience in dealing with unaccompanied minors,” he said. “They will be well cared for as we deal with their parents.” The policy change would allow the government to keep parents in custody while they contest deportation or wait for asylum hearings. Children would be put into the “least restrictive setting” until they can be taken into the care of a U.S. relative or state-sponsored guardian, said government officials who were briefed on the proposal. Currently, families contesting deportation or applying for asylum are generally released from detention quickly and allowed to remain in the United States until their cases are resolved. A federal appeals court ruling bars prolonged child detention. “Let me start by saying I would do almost anything to deter the people from Central America from getting on this very, very dangerous network that brings them up through Mexico into the United States,” Kelly said. He said social service organizations have told him that more than 90 percent of the women making the journey from Central America are sexually abused. U.S. Representative Henry Cuellar, a Texas Democrat whose district includes about 200 miles (320 km) of the border with Mexico, slammed the DHS proposal. “Bottom line: separating mothers and children is wrong,” he said in a statement on Friday. “That type of thing is where we depart from border security and get into violating human rights,” he said. About 54,000 children and their guardians were apprehended between Oct. 1, 2016, and Jan. 31, 2017, more than double the number caught over the same period a year earlier. ",politicsNews,"March 6, 2017 ",1
Groups sue to obtain White House visitor logs,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A coalition of nonprofit groups on Monday sued the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to obtain logs of visitors to President Donald Trump’s homes. The lawsuit accused the Secret Service, which maintains the logs, of violating the law by ignoring several requests for lists of visitors to the White House, Trump Tower in Manhattan, and the Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Monday’s complaint was filed in Manhattan federal court by the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University, the National Security Archive, and archive researcher Kate Doyle. The plaintiffs had requested the logs under the federal Freedom of Information Act. Similar litigation by CREW in 2009 prompted the Obama administration to disclose White House visitor logs on a delayed basis, and according to the complaint led to the release of 5.99 million records. A spokesman for the Homeland Security Department, which oversees the Secret Service, said the department does not discuss pending litigation. The lawsuit was reported earlier by the Washington Post. The website where White House visitor logs were available went dark after Trump became president. That page now reads: ""This page is being updated. It will post records of White House visitors on an ongoing basis, once they become available."" (here) Several Democratic lawmakers last month called on Trump, a Republican, to make logs public again. Many FOIA lawsuits against federal agencies are filed in Washington rather than New York. But in August 2013, the federal appeals court in Washington said Congress did not intend to authorize FOIA requesters to obtain records “indirectly” from the Secret Service that they could not obtain directly from the President. That decision involved a request by the conservative group Judicial Watch for records of all White House visitors over seven months. It was written by Chief Judge Merrick Garland, whose Supreme Court nomination by Obama was never acted upon by Congress. Federal judges in Manhattan can use Garland’s opinion for guidance, but need not follow it. The case is Doyle et al v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-02542. ",politicsNews,"April 10, 2017 ",1
"To applause and boos, Kerry urges Congress to ratify Pacific trade pact","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Failure to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal would be a major setback for U.S. interests in Asia as Washington seeks to deepen alliances in the region, Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday, urging Congress to ratify the pact. The 12-nation Pan-Pacific trade deal championed by President Barack Obama has been pilloried by both major-party nominees in the U.S. presidential race, Democrat Hilary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. While Republicans have traditionally backed free trade deals, Trump has blamed them for U.S. job losses and threatened to rip them up or renegotiate them if he wins the Nov. 8 election.  “If we see the TPP rejected, it would be a gigantic self-inflicted wound – a setback to our own interests in the region,” Kerry told the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, in remarks that drew a smattering of applause and boos. “It would amount to a conscious turning of our backs on the Asia Pacific at the very moment that we ought to be linking arms – it would be an act that will hurt American workers, slow our economy, hinder our ability to advance the full range of U.S. objectives” in the fast-growing region, he added. Republican leaders have said there is no point in bringing the trade deal for a vote in the “lame-duck” session of Congress after the election.  But Kerry urged Congress to approve the deal after the election, saying: “It’s the right thing to do for America – and no matter what the loudest voices may be shouting – it is also the popular choice.”  There are concerns in Washington that failure to pass the TPP would prompt Southeast Asian nations to turn to China and Russia. Kerry said the trade deal was a “litmus” test of Washington’s capacity to lead and was necessary if the United States wanted a steady and reliable presence in the region. His comments came amid tensions with China over the disputed South China Sea, increased concerns over North Korea’s missile and nuclear weapons programs, and questions over the future of the U.S.-Philippines alliance. ",politicsNews,"October 27, 2016 ",1
War crimes verdict on Mladic delayed as he undergoes blood test: Mladic son,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The verdict in the war crimes trial of former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic was delayed on Wednesday while he underwent a blood pressure test, his son Darko told Reuters. U.N. judges had ordered a five-minute bathroom break for Mladic, 74, before issuing their verdict in his trial for 11 alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity including genocide. That pause then stretched on for more than an hour.   They took his blood pressure during the break. We don t know the readings, but they said they could continue with the verdict. We are very concerned about his blood pressure because he has already has four strokes,  Darko Mladic said. ",worldnews,"November 22, 2017 ",1
U.S. knew of Indonesian anti-communist massacre as it unfolded,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The U.S. government had intimate knowledge of the mass killing of alleged communists in Indonesia in the mid 1960s even as it failed to publicly reveal the slaughter, newly declassified U.S. documents show.The documents also reveal that Indonesian army intermediaries told Western embassies they were considering toppling then president Sukarno less than a fortnight after the killing of six generals by rebel military personnel that sparked the bloodletting. The murder of the generals on Sept. 30, 1965, is still widely depicted as an attempted communist coup against Sukarno.  The murders were used as a pretext for an anti-communist pogrom by Indonesia s military and Islamic groups that led to at least 500,000 deaths. One of the worst massacres of the 20th century, the killings in 1965 and 1966 have never been officially investigated and  perpetrators have never faced justice. Indonesia, the world s largest Muslim-majority country, still has periodic bouts of anti-communist hysteria. Last month, a meeting by human rights activists and victims of the anti-communist purge was shut down after Islamists and nationalists rioted outside the venue. One cable from the U.S. embassy in Jakarta to the Department of State, written three months after members of the communist party, the PKI, were first targeted, said there were  an estimated 100,000 PKI deaths . In Medan, on the island of Sumatra, clerics from the Muslim group Muhammadiyah urged members to kill communists, according to a telegram from the U.S. consul. Conscious  PKI members are classified as lowest order of infidel, the shedding of whose blood is comparable to killing chicken,  the consul said in one report. Muhammadiyah youth group chairman Dahnil Anzar said the documents showed  nothing new  but such conflict should not happen again. A U.S. consular officer in the city of Surabaya, in East Java, said in a telegram members of Ansor, the youth wing of the Nahdlatul Ulama Islamic organization, were responsible for  widespread slaughter  and they thought killing communists was a  ticket to heaven .  Army is quietly releasing nightly 10 to 15 prisoners to Muslims for execution,  the official in Surabaya said in another dispatch. Abdul Rochman, secretary general of Ansor, told Reuters that the group s involvement in the killings of 1965 was a  form of self-defense .  (The PKI) carried out provocative activities like aggressive recruitment and went further by insulting our imams, poisoning and killing our members, burning mosques,  he said. We believe the NU s reaction was relatively measured and not disproportionate. Indonesia s chief security minister, Wiranto, declined to answer questions. Army deputy chief of staff, H Siburian, said he had not seen the documents so could not comment. CONCERN ABOUT LEFT-WING POLICIES Rochman, from NU s Ansor, said he supported any move for dialogue and reconciliation.  We must make sure all voices are heard - NU s voice, the victims  voices, the children of suspected communists.  Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch, said redress for victims was  long overdue . The U.S. embassy did not respond to requests for comment. While the documents do not solve the mystery of why the six generals were killed on Sept. 30, they do show that the United States and its Indonesian military allies were deeply concerned about Sukarno s left-wing policies and ties to the communists. Then U.S. ambassador Marshall Green wrote on Oct. 12, 1965, that the army had approached western embassies through an  intermediary  and said they were considering a  quick move  to overthrow Sukarno, although no final decision was made. In the event of such a coup, Green says the United States could help with  anything from covert operations and assistance [to] transport, money, communications equipment, or arms . In January 1967, Major General Sjarif Thajeb told a U.S. embassy official Sukarno planned to accuse foreigners and their  little army friends  of orchestrating the Sept. 30 killings.  The president s plan had galvanized the military  hawks  to oust Sukarno  by March . Army general Suharto became acting president in March, ushering in three decades of military dictatorship.  ",worldnews,"October 18, 2017 ",1
 While Trying To Brag Trump Jr Accidentally Showed How Sexist Republicans Are And Now He’s Frantic,"Like father, like son, Donald Trump Jr. twitter account is getting him into a lot of trouble.The morning after Republican Karen Handel won the Georgia special election to fill in a vacant seat in the U.S. House of Representatives, Don Jr. was giddy and eager to brag about the win. Sidestepping the fact that Handel had to spend $18 million (two-and-a-half times her opponent!) to win a nailbitter in a district Republicans won by over 20 points just 7 months ago, Don Jr. chose to focus on the  historic  nature of the win: Karen is a woman.Karen Handel becomes 1st Woman Rep GA has sent to Congress. Still waiting for the glass ceiling stories, or do conservatives not get them?  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 21, 2017Unfortunately for Don Jr., his tweet shows the dangers of getting all your information from right-wing media. It s completely wrong.Handel is not the first woman representative Georgia has sent to Congress. Democrats have been electing women in Georgia for years. And Democrats elected the state s first congresswoman Cynthia McKinney in 2005. The  glass ceiling  was shattered in Georgia long ago   and by Democrats.Unintentionally, Don Jr gave America an opportunity to look at just how backwards the Republican Party is. As The Hill notes, the GOP is pathetically behind on gender equality for their elected officials.Handel will become just the 22nd GOP female lawmaker in the 435-member House, not including nonvoting delegates. Overall, there are 104 women in the House.In the Senate, there are 21 women, including five Republicans.Georgia has sent a handful of Democratic women to Congress, most recently Rep. Cynthia McKinney, who served one term from 2005 to 2007.Nine other states appear to have never sent a Republican woman to Congress: Arkansas, Delaware, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, Vermont and Wisconsin.Republicans have yet to send a single woman to Congress in nine states. That s just sad. And waiting until 2017 to finally start to catch up shouldn t allow Republicans to get any  glass ceiling  points. This year they are particularly guilty. Republicans chose to stand by a man who had repeatedly sexually harassed women around him, bragged about it on tape, and later used sexist attacks against both his critics in the media and his opponent. They elected him president and continue to support him.Don Jr., having been humiliated for passing along the false information, decided to lie about it rather than just admit his mistake and move on. In a bit of shameless dishonesty his own father might blush at, he claimed the  Rep  in his tweet   universally understood to be short for  representative    really meant  Republican. How do we know it s a lie? Because his original tweet makes absolutely no sense if we replace  Representative  with  Republican.  As the above tweet illustrates, McKinney broke the glass ceiling   for all women in Georgia. A decade ago. Republicans don t get to shatter the already-shattered glass ceiling 12 years too late, much less celebrate it as a huge step forward in women s rights.Nice try, Don. Glad to see you re becoming your father s son!Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",News,"June 21, 2017",0
 Traffic Signs Hacked With Pro-Bernie And Hilarious Anti-Trump Messages (VIDEO),"On your way into work you may occasionally see portable electronic traffic signs that keep you aware of oncoming traffic problems or perhaps an exit being closed. Here s the thing, though, those signs can be programmed to say anything. Which is exactly what happened to the Texas Department of Transportation early on Tuesday morning in Dallas, Texas.Three signs seemed to be affected, with one reading,  Bernie for President,  and another reading,  Work is Canceled   Go Back Home.  However, the third one said something pretty damn hilarious, and perhaps honest, who s really to know without proof it s not. It read,  Donald Trump is a Shape-Shifting Lizard! Check it out here:I'm not sure this is what @TxDOT meant for this road sign to say  #Dallas @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/4iPldtM9gJ  Tim Ciesco (@TimCiescoNBC5) May 31, 2016The Texas Department of Transportation seemed to quickly become aware of what the signs were now saying and promptly sent someone out to turn them off, as seen here:UPDATE: TxDOT crews just came and turned off the hacked sign here at Westmoreland & I-30 pic.twitter.com/fB4B6ik6UJ  Tim Ciesco (@TimCiescoNBC5) May 31, 2016This likely won t be the last time something like this happens considering this presidential election has been one of the most bizarre ones in recent memory. I mean, for goodness sake, Donald Trump is the presumptive GOP nominee. It really doesn t get much more bizarre than that. And for the sake of America, let s make sure he doesn t actually win.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"May 31, 2016",0
FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP Just Set Alec Baldwin Straight On His Lie About Her,"MELANIA TRUMP never hesitates to call someone on the carpet for lying about her Alec Baldwin knows now that he can t mess with the First Lady!A spokesperson for the first lady fired back at the actor after he claimed that she loves my impersonation  of President Donald Trump. That is not true, which is why Mr. Baldwin has no actual names to go with his bizarre assertion,  the spokeswoman told The Hill on Monday.The  Saturday Night Live  star had made the remarks on WYNC s  The Brian Lehrer Show  Monday.The 59 year-old actor claimed the first lady  told this person, very high up in the White House brass there, that,  That s exactly what he s like. Baldwin has been doing his impersonation of Trump for well over a year now on NBC s late-night sketch comedy show and won an Emmy Award in September for his portrayal of Trump.The president is not a fan, however, tweeting last year that the impression  just can t get any worse  and calling the show  unwatchable.  in a tweet from December of last year:Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016THE BIG LIE FROM BALDWIN: Apparently, Trump is horrified and beside himself that his wife actually thinks it s funny,  Baldwin claimed Monday.The  30 Rock  star was promoting his new book,  You Can t Spell America Without Me: The Really Tremendous Inside Story of my Fantastic First Year as President Donald J. Trump. (A So-Called Parody). READ MORE: BPR",left-news,"Nov 8, 2017",0
Factbox: Big-ticket items at center of Congress spending bill,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Thursday approved a temporary funding bill to prevent federal agencies from shutting down at midnight Friday when existing money was set to expire. The following are the major items that were debated on the legislation that President Donald Trump is expected to sign into law: The Friday midnight deadline for action was the result of the Republican-controlled Congress failing to pass any of the regular appropriations bills for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1. Instead, the government has been operating on a series of temporary measures. This newest stopgap bill continues funding for government operations through Jan. 19, giving lawmakers several weeks to work out a spending bill that would pay for agency activities through Sept. 30, the end of the current fiscal year.  House of Representatives conservatives failed in their bid to attach a major defense spending increase that would fund the Pentagon through September. Instead, Congress agreed to fund the military through Jan. 19, like most other programs. But in a move to attract support, a $4.7 billion increase was included to be used for missile defense and ship repair. Democrats and Republicans will continue negotiations on higher funding for both military and non-military programs. An $81 billion disaster aid bill was going to be attached to the government funding bill. Instead, the House approved it as a stand-alone bill, only to see the Senate put off action until at least next month. It would build on about $52 billion already provided to Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and several states hit by severe hurricanes, wildfires or other natural disasters. Democrats want to do more for Puerto Rico and some Republicans worry about the mounting costs of disaster aid. The Children’s Health Insurance Program, which helps provide medical care to nearly 9 million children in low-income families, will get $2.85 billion to cover expenses through March as lawmakers seek a more permanent solution. Senators put off until early next year their bid to maintain healthcare subsidies for low-income people participating in the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Many House Republican lawmakers dislike the idea. The National Security Agency’s warrantless internet surveillance program under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act will be extended through Jan. 19 as lawmakers try to reconcile competing versions of such legislation in the House and Senate.  Legislation to protect “Dreamers” from deportation was not included, despite Democrats’ push to resolve the issue by year’s end. It was a major disappointment for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and immigration advocacy groups. But negotiators are still trying to reach a deal on helping immigrants, many from Mexico and Central America, brought to the United States illegally as children. The issue is expected to come back to life in early 2018.   ",politicsNews,"December 21, 2017 ",1
"Forbidden in China, but Trump skirts 'Great Firewall' to tweet about Beijing trip","BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump went around and over the “Great Firewall” of China in a late-night tweet in Beijing as he thanked his hosts for a rare tour of the Forbidden City and a private dinner at the sprawling, centuries-old palace complex.  Many Western social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook are banned in China. A sophisticated system has been built to deny online users within China access to blocked content.  That was not an issue for Trump, known for tweeting to his 42.3 million followers at any hour of the day, on Wednesday, the day he arrived in Beijing. “On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!” Trump even changed his Twitter banner, uploading a photograph of himself and Melania with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan, during a Chinese opera performance at the Forbidden City.  The Twitter banner upload did not go unnoticed by Chinese state media, with state broadcaster CCTV flashing screenshots of the photograph on Thursday. Trump’s visit was also the third-most talked-about topic on Chinese social media platform Weibo over the last 24 hours, trailing only the birthday of a singer in a Chinese boy band and a weekly Asian pop song chart.  Many people wondered how Trump managed to evade China’s tough internet controls.  “I guess he must have done it via wifi on a satellite network,” said a user on Weibo. Many foreigners log on to virtual private networks (VPNs) to access content hosted outside of China. Another option is to sign up for a data-roaming service before leaving one’s home country.  “The president will tweet whatever he wants. That’s his way of communicating directly with the American people. Why not?” a White House official said ahead of Trump’s arrival in Beijing on Wednesday.  When asked whether China considers Trump’s use of Twitter to be in breach of Chinese law, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said there were many means of communication with “the outside world”.  “In China, people have many channels to communicate, it’s just that they communicate in different ways,” Hua said at a regular ministry briefing. “For example, some people use WeChat, some people use Weibo. Some people use Apple phones, some people use Huawei phones.” Trump tweeted again on Thursday afternoon, posting an ABC News video montage of the “incredible” welcome parade at the Great Hall of the People, where he was greeted by a military band and jumping, flag-waving children.  In his tweet, Trump embedded a link to a photograph of his Beijing visit on Instagram - also forbidden in China.  Not all of Trump’s tweets in China were bright and cheerful.  “NoKo has interpreted America’s past restraint as weakness,” he tweeted about reclusive North Korea’s nuclear and missile threats. “This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.”  ",politicsNews,"November 9, 2017 ",1
 Unhinged Cruz Accuses Obama Of Being An Atheist Because He Won’t Attend A Racist’s Funeral,"As one of Antonin Scalia s last rulings on the Supreme Court, he made the argument that black students should be discouraged from attending top ranked schools because they probably couldn t keep up. Instead he suggested they be sent to  slower-track schools  like, say, community college or lesser universities so they could shoot for mediocrity. It was an appallingly racist statement, from a sitting Supreme Court Justice no less, and one that flies directly in the face of the lived experience of one of the most successful African Americans of all time: Barack Obama.On the way to the White House, Obama overcame racism and adversity to thrive at two top shelf schools   Harvard and the University of Chicago   and that education helped propel his career into law and eventually politics. It s hard to imagine Obama one day becoming president if he had taken Scalia s advice and settled on a  slower-track  community college.So, it hardly seems surprising that Obama isn t planning on cancelling his packed schedule to attend the funeral of a man, however important, that viewed people of his skin color as less competitive than their white counterparts. It s also a long-standing tradition that either the president or the vice president attend the funeral of a justice. Not both. Biden already announced that he was going.Four out of the past seven funerals for a Supreme Court justice have either had the president or vice president in attendance.Former President George W. Bush attended the funeral for Chief Justice William Rehnquist.Former President Bill Clinton attended the funerals for former Chief Justice Warren E. Burger and Justice William Brennan but did not attend the funerals for Justices Harry Blackmun or Lewis F. Powell Jr.Former Vice President Al Gore attended the funeral for Justice Thurgood Marshall.So for any other president this wouldn t be a big deal. But it s Obama. And Republicans are Republicans. The freak out has already begun.While Fox News has devoted wall-to-wall outrage directed at Obama for not going to Scalia s funeral (he ll be in Cuba working out the details to zeitgeist shifting thawing of relations with America s once sworn enemy   kind of a big deal), Sen. Ted Cruz managed to amp up the hysteria to 11 while desperately clawing his way to second place in South Carolina.On the campaign trail, Cruz decided that he would accuse Obama of being an atheist. We ve got 11 more months of watching damage to this country. From a lawless and faithless president who is eager to travel to Cuba, but is unwilling even to show up at the funeral of Justice Antonin Scalia. This is a stark change in Cruz s earlier remarks that said it was irresponsible to  speculate on the President s faith.  It does, however, pander to the beliefs of the toxic fanatics at the very heart of the Republican Party. To them, Obama will always be a Kenyan, socialist, Muslim atheist no matter how many times he celebrates Christmas or mentions his faith in speeches.Cruz s shameful remarks come at a time when he is trying to woe many conservative Christians to support his campaign. In fact, his entire base is built on Christian extremists. Suggesting that Obama is a godless heathen is exactly the sort of thing that would get them fired up enough to vote for a sleazeball like Cruz.Ironically, Cruz s remarks come at a time where he and his fellow ideologues are melting down over the fact that the pope called Donald Trump s plan to build a massive cement wall across the entire southern border un-Christian. Conservatives blasted the pope for pointing out the obvious and suggested it was offensive for someone to speculate about another person s faith. In other words, the sheer amount of hypocrisy being generated by the Republican Party could power the sun.But perhaps there is just a twinge of jealousy in this mudslinging knowing that when Obama does go to church he takes us to church.Feature image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",News,"February 18, 2016",0
Boiler Room EP #77 – The Venom of Divide and Rule,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Randy J from 21Wire,  Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Stewart Howe of 21Wire for the 77th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re boiling up some media maniac conversation with blend of topics that ONLY the Boiler Room can pull off.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",Middle-east,"October 5, 2016",0
Russia's Lavrov and Iran's Zarif discuss nuclear issue by phone: Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif discussed the Middle East and Iran s nuclear deal in a phone conversation, Russian foreign ministry said on Monday. ",worldnews,"December 18, 2017 ",1
DERANGED LEFTISTS Cross The Line: Chicago Play Targeting 10 Yr Old Barron Trump Opens Tonight In Obama’s Old Neighborhood,"A play scheduled to open Saturday night in Chicago targets Barron Trump, the ten-year-old son of newly sworn in President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump.The play, titled,  Barron Trump Up Past Bedtime , stars comedian Shannon Noll as Barron and is set for the Revival Theater in Hyde Park, the neighborhood of Trump s predecessor former President Barack Obama. Melania Trump will also be targeted in character on stage. But the main target, of course, is President Trump.After eight years of presidential children being off limits (to the point news articles about them disappeared after White House warnings), they are  fair game  now that a Republican is president. A headline about the play at the Chicago Reader makes that very point about young Barron Trump being  fair game : Barron Trump is fair game in Barron Trump: Up Past BedtimeThe Revival Theater s description of the play: Join Donald Trump s youngest heir Barron Trump (as played by Shannon Noll) for a  Pee Wee s Playhouse-style  show that features celebrity guests (Melania Trump, Ben Carson, and Vladimir Putin) patriotic games (Pin the Email on the Clinton), and fancy fun! The Chicago Reader interviewed Noll about the play. Noll says her approach is decidedly lighthearted: an exploration of the current political moment through the eyes of a child enmeshed in it. When I set out to do this show, I did it to use [Barron] as a vehicle to comment on this administration,  Noll says. She was initially inspired to take on the title role due to her resemblance to the youngest Trump, who stepped into the spotlight when he appeared to struggle to stay awake during his father s presidential victory speech, which occurred at around 3 AM.Up Past Bedtime begins as Melania Trump tucks Barron in for the night. He then secretly stays awake to explore a fantastical world, a la Pee-wee s Playhouse, populated by the likes of Vladimir Putin and Ben Carson.Noll told the Chicago Tribune that Barron Trump  is absolutely not the butt of a joke. I noticed that I looked like Barron Trump and I thought that would be an interesting approach,  she said. She has brought on collaborators who will perform solo material (the aforementioned imaginary friends)  and I m facilitating that as Barron Trump  as master of ceremonies. Barron Trump is absolutely not the butt of a joke,  she said.Asked if she had any second thoughts about going ahead with the show, Noll said,  No, I sort of doubled-down. I was originally going to create a fake Trump child, but I look so much like Barron. And going into this, I specifically created this character so that he bears no resemblance in personality to what we ve seen of Barron Trump. I m just playing him as a generic kid.    Gateway Pundit",left-news,"Jan 28, 2017",0
HA! YOU WON’T BELIEVE HILLARY’S LUXURY “SCOOBY” VAN!,"Everyone s been asking where the Hillary van is So Hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-I thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? This monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! Ouch!The van, however, isn t an everyday minivan or even a full-sized van. It s a luxury vehicle outiftted with top amenities.Specifically: It s a limited edition Chevrolet Express van upfitted with a Limited SE packed by Explorer Vans company  It s very luxurious,  a salesman who helped deliver this vehicle tells me on the phone.  I d rank it up there with the best. The model being used to chauffeur Hillary Clinton around has a gray leather interior, heated seat, a 29 inch Samsung television, and a Blu-ray DVD player.There is no refrigerator in the van. However, Hillary s model does feature an ice chest between the two front seats. (Which might have been used to keep her cottage cheese cold.) The middle chairs are swivel and quick release. Indirect lighting (like mood lighting) throughout the vans.Oh, and there s a bed. The power sofa in the rear of the vehicle converts into a bed. But given the fact it s only a 6 foot wide vehicle, it might have been a little hard to get a proper night s sleep in it.But it s not exactly great for the environment. It s a 2014 model all-wheel-drive that gets only 16-18 miles per gallon.READ MORE: WEEKLY STANDARD",politics,"Apr 14, 2015",0
YIKES! Tomi Lahren DEMOLISHES Hillary: “How Dare You Blame Donald Trump…EXCUSE ME?…Did 4 Americans Die On His Watch In Benghazi? [VIDEO],Wow! Bravo Tomi! You really nailed it this time Enjoy! This notion that  political incorrectness  is somehow responsible for terror attacks is absolute BS! Do you think we are stupid? How dare you blame this crap on Donald Trump! Excuse me? Was he Secretary of State? Did 4 Americans die on his watch in Benghazi? ,left-news,"Sep 22, 2016",0
EXPERT CLAIMS N. KOREA’S SECOND MISSILE Test Demonstrates They Now Have Ability To Hit 3 Major Cities On U.S. Mainland,"When asked if a pre-emptive military strike is a possibility, as reported last week by NBC News, Trump wouldn t elaborate. I don t want to telegraph what I m doing or what I m thinking. I m not like other administrations, where they say we re going to do this in four weeks,  Trump told Fox s Ainsley Earhardt It doesn t work that way. We ll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there s going to be peace, but they ve been talking with this gentleman for a long time,  he continued. You read Clinton s book. and he said,  Oh, we made such a great peace deal,  and it was a joke,  Trump said.  You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed.  The HillNorth Korea doesn t appear to be backing off as they continue to push forward with the testing of their intercontinental ballistic missiles. They called the launching of their second flight test yesterday, a  stern warning  to the United States. David Wright, a physicist and co-director of the global security program at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said that if reports of the missile s maximum altitude and flight time are correct, it would have a theoretical range of at least 10,400 kilometers (about 6,500 miles). That means it could have reached Los Angeles, Denver or Chicago, depending on variables such as the size and weight of the warhead that would be carried atop such a missile in an actual attack.North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said Saturday the second flight test of an intercontinental ballistic missile demonstrated his country can hit the U.S. mainland, hours after the launch left analysts concluding that a wide swath of the United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, is now in range of North Korean weapons.The Korean Central News Agency said that Kim expressed  great satisfaction  after the Hwasong-14 missile reached a maximum height of 3,725 kilometers (2,314 miles) and traveled 998 kilometers (620 miles) before accurately landing in waters off Japan. The agency said that the test was aimed at confirming the maximum range and other technical aspects of the missile it says was capable of delivering a  large-sized, heavy nuclear warhead. Analysts had estimated that the North s first ICBM on July 4 could have reached Alaska, and said that the latest missile appeared to extend that range significantly.Immediately after the launch, U.S. and South Korean forces conducted live-fire exercises. South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo called for the deployment of strategic U.S. military assets   which usually means stealth bombers and aircraft carriers   as well as additional launchers of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system.Japanese government spokesman Yoshihide Suga said the missile, launched late Friday night, flew for about 45 minutes   about five minutes longer than the first. The missile was launched on very high trajectory, which limited the distance it traveled, and landed west of Japan s island of Hokkaido.The KCNA quoted Kim as saying that the launch reaffirmed the reliability of the country s ICBM system and an ability to fire at  random regions and locations at random times  with the  entire  U.S. mainland now within range. The agency said that the test confirmed important features of the missile system, such as the proper separation of the warhead and controlling its movement and detonation after atmospheric re-entry.Kim said the launch sent a  serious warning  to the United States, which has been  meaninglessly blowing its trumpet  with threats of war and stronger sanctions, the KCNA said.President Donald Trump issued a statement condemning the missile test as a threat to the world, and rejecting North Korea s claim that nuclear weapons ensure its security.  In reality, they have the opposite effect,  he said.Trump said the weapons and tests  further isolate North Korea, weaken its economy, and deprive its people.  He vowed to  take all necessary steps  to ensure the security of the U.S. and its allies.ABC News   On July 4th, 2917, A U.S. official confirmed that North Korea launched a two-stage intercontinental ballistic missile. It was the first successfully test-fired ICBM for North Korea, which has been attempting to build a missile that can reach the U.S. mainland.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in March that  all options are on the table  to deal with the escalating threat North Korea poses.The Department of Defense has an extensive missile defense system designed to help protect against a missile attack from that country.In May the U.S. conducted the ground-based intercept system s first test against an ICBM-class target. The interceptor was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, and the ICBM target was launched from Kwajalein Atoll, part of the Marshall Islands in the Pacific. The result: The ICBM was intercepted, which was likened to firing a bullet and hitting another bullet. This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,  said Vice Adm. Jim Syring, the director of the Missile Defense Agency at the time.There are 36 ground-based interceptors at two military bases in the U.S.   32 at Fort Greely in Alaska and four at Vandenberg.Watch:Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida said he told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call that the second missile test greatly increased the threat from Pyongyang. He said two sides agreed to consider all means necessary to exert the utmost pressure on North Korea. They reiterated calls for new sanctions and to work closely together with South Korea along with efforts by China and Russia.China, meanwhile, urged its ally North Korea to abide by U.N. Security Council resolutions and halt any moves that could escalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula.Washington and its allies have watched with growing concern as Pyongyang has made significant progress toward its goal of having all of the U.S. within range of its missiles to counter what it labels as U.S. aggression. There are other hurdles, including building nuclear warheads to fit on those missiles and ensuring reliability. But many analysts have been surprised by how quickly leader Kim Jong Un has developed North Korea s nuclear and missile programs despite several rounds of U.N. Security Council sanctions that have squeezed the impoverished country s economy.Trump has said he will not allow North Korea to obtain an ICBM that can deliver a nuclear warhead. But this week, the Defense Intelligence Agency reportedly concluded that the North will have a reliable ICBM capable of carrying a nuclear weapon as early as next year, in an assessment that trimmed two years from the agency s earlier estimate.  AP",politics,"Jul 29, 2017",0
WEBSITE AND TWITTER PAGE Of DC Group Leaking Soros Documents Is Taken Down…Censorship Alive And Well In Obama’s America,"Censorship is alive and well in Obama s America DCLeaks, a website that releases information on powerful political figures, has had part of its website taken offline after releasing a cache of documents on billionaire donor George Soros. The @DCLeaks Twitter account has also been suspended from Twitter for reasons unknown:The website had previously released 2,500 internal Open Society Foundation (OSF) documents in order to  shed light on one of the most influential networks operating worldwide.  OSF is one of Soros  networks of organizations.The leaked documents had resulted in several damaging reports about the organization. OSF had previously confirmed that the documents were legitimate.Read more: Daily Caller",Government News,"Aug 27, 2016",0
Suspected Boko Haram members kill 18 people in northeast Nigeria,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants killed 18 people in northeast Nigeria on Friday, according to local witnesses and officials, the latest in an escalating number of lethal attacks in the region. The knife-wielding attackers, moving under cover of night,  targeted people in the town of Banki, 80 miles (130 km) southeast of the city of Maiduguri in Borno state, the epicenter of the eight-year conflict with Boko Haram, said a community leader and a local member of a vigilante group. The attack on the town, which sits on the border with Cameroon, is the latest in a string of deadly Boko Haram raids and bombings that have undermined the Nigerian military s statements that the insurgency is all but defeated. The frequency of attacks in northeastern Nigeria has increased in the last few months, killing at least 172 people since June 1 before Friday s attack, according to a Reuters tally. The attack on Banki left 18 dead, according to Modu Perobe, a member of the Civilian Joint Task Force, a regional vigilante group. Abor Ali, a local ruler, confirmed the death toll. Boko Haram s eight-year insurgency has left at least 20,000 dead and sparked one of the largest humanitarian crises in the world, with tens of thousands already in famine-like conditions, according to the United Nations. Some 8.5 million people in the worst affected parts of northeast Nigeria are now in need of some form of humanitarian assistance, with 5.2 million people lacking secure access to food, the U.N. has said. ",worldnews,"September 2, 2017 ",1
Egypt detains 29 people on suspicion of espionage for Turkey,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s public prosecutor has ordered the detention of 29 people suspected of espionage on behalf of Turkey and joining a terrorist organization, state news agency MENA reported on Wednesday. According to the results of an investigation by the General Intelligence Services, the group has been recording phone calls and passing information to Turkish intelligence as part of a plan to bring the Muslim Brotherhood back to power in Egypt, MENA said. The nationalities of the suspects were not specified. They are also accused of money laundering and trading currency without a license.  Ties between Ankara and Cairo have been strained since the army ousted President Mohamed Mursi of the Brotherhood following mass protests against his rule in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood has close ties with Turkey s ruling AK Party and many of its members have fled to Turkey since the group s activities were banned in Egypt. Following Mursi s ouster, Egypt branded the Brotherhood, the world s oldest Islamist movement, a terrorist organisation and most of its senior members have been arrested, driven into exile or underground. The Brotherhood says it is a peaceful organization and has condemned the crackdown. ",worldnews,"November 22, 2017 ",1
(VIDEO) Female College Students Protesting Because ‘Trump is a Rapist’,"21st Century Wire says US college students continue to be emotionally traumatized and  threatened  by Donald Trump s surprise presidential victory this week, sparking a wave of nationally coordinated street protests, organized in part through the George Soros funded Democratic Party  community organizing  web portal MoveOn.org. Various protests and riots have been organized around a number university campuses including Berkeley, Portland, New York City and Los Angleses. When asked why she scared by the election result, one female university student claimed that the President Elect is a  rapist,  while another claim that,  He [Trump] is about to have a court case about a 13 years old girl soon, and I m not down for that. The alleged court case the student is referring was actually dropped, and has since been exposed as a likely politically motivated hoax according to reports.Here is last night s student protest, including multiple interviews from both sides of the debate, filmed last night in  Albuquerque, New Mexico, by Stuart J Hooper. Watch:  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"November 11, 2016",0
 Obama Blasts Trump At Veterans’ Event For ‘Trash-Talking’ Troops (VIDEO),"Most Americans understand that we should all give the utmost honor and respect to those who fight for our safety and our freedom, as well as their families. That is especially true of our Gold Star families   those families who have lost a loved one in battle. Of course, as he has demonstrated on more than one occasion Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump does not share these values.Trump spent the last 72 hours insulting the parents of a Muslim soldier, Army Captain Humayun Khan, for daring to speak out against his anti-Muslim bigotry. Well, President Obama, on the other hand, spent his Monday afternoon at an event in Atlanta, Georgia for disabled veterans. He also had very harsh words for Donald Trump.Without even mentioning the GOP nominee s name, the President took him to the woodshed over his attacks on the Khans and on the military in general: As Commander-in-Chief, I m pretty tired of some folks trash-talking America s military and troops. You know, our military is somewhat smaller after two major ground wars come to a close. That s natural. We re going to keep doing everything we need to do to improve readiness and modernize our forces. But let s get some facts straight. America s Army is the best trained, best equipped land force on the planet. Our Navy is the largest and most lethal in the world. The precision of and reach of our Air Force is unmatched. Our Marines are the world s truly only expeditionary force. We have the world s finest Coast Guard. WE have the most capable fighting force in  history, and we re going to keep it that way. President Obama is right, of course. How dare Trump or anyone else who has never served or had family members serve trash talk troops and Gold Star families? Trump isn t fit to be Commander-in-Chief. He needs to take a cue from President Obama when it comes to how a potential president should act with regards to our military families and the sacrifices they make.Watch President Obama s remarks below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"August 1, 2016",0
Blocking Internet oversight transition a 'gift to Russia': Obama administration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Delaying or blocking a planned transition of oversight of the Internet’s technical management from the U.S. to a global community of stakeholders would be a “gift to Russia” and other authoritarian regimes, a senior Obama administration official said Wednesday. The comments before a congressional panel came as several Republican lawmakers are attempting to thwart the changeover, due to occur on Oct. 1, arguing it would stifle online freedom and has not been appropriately vetted.     “I urge you: Do not give a gift to Russia and other authoritarian nations by blocking this transition,” Lawrence Strickling, administrator of the U.S. Commerce Department’s National Telecommunications and Information Administration, told a Senate subcommittee. The plan, announced in March 2014, to transfer oversight of the nonprofit Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, is expected to go forward unless Congress votes to block the handover.  The California-based corporation operates the database for domain names such as .com and .net and their corresponding numeric addresses that allow computers to connect. The U.S. Commerce Department currently oversees the Internet’s management largely because it was invented in the United States. Its contract with ICANN will lapse on October 1. Senator John Thune, a senior Republican from South Dakota, told reporters Tuesday he expected lawmakers would add language to delay the Internet transition to a bill to fund the government past the end of September. Strickling’s testimony were an attempt to rebut concerns raised by Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who convened and chaired Wednesday’s hearing on the Internet, and other Republicans who have argued in recent weeks that the transition would be a “giveaway” of Internet control to Russia, China, and other governments that censor Internet content. “When ICANN escapes from government authority, ICANN escapes from ... having to worry about protecting your rights or my rights,” Cruz said. ICANN does not have the ability to censor the Internet, the corporation’s CEO Goran Marby said during the hearing. Tech companies, technical experts, academics, have said the transition is overdue and necessary to keep the Internet open and globally oriented, and that the proposal includes safeguards against any potential abuse by any one country. Delaying the transition to the multistakeholder global community may also weaken U.S. credibility in future international negotiations at the United Nations and elsewhere about Internet standards and security, thus empowering countries like Russia and China, experts have said. ",politicsNews,"September 14, 2016 ",1
 Corinthian Colleges Must Pay Students More Than $1 Billion Dollars,"Corinthian Colleges must pay $1.2 billion dollars to students. San Francisco Superior Court Judge Curtis Karnow determined that Corinthian Colleges is guilty of misleading students with false advertising. ProPublica published an excellent report on how Corinthian Colleges used predatory tactics to target homeless people and other marginalized communities for recruitment. Once students enrolled at one of the 91 campuses that made up Corinthian Colleges, they almost always ended up incurring a huge amount of debt that they could never pay back.Given that Corinthian Colleges filed for bankruptcy in May with only $19.2 million dollars in assets, it seems highly unlikely that students defrauded by the for-profit college will ever see a payout from the lawsuit.However, students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges will get some type of relief. The Department of Education announced on Friday that students will be given a way to have any debt they incurred while attending a Corinthian college forgiven. When Americans invest their time, money and effort to gain new skills, they have a right to expect they ll get an education that leads to a better life for them and their families. Corinthian was more worried about profits than about students  lives,  U.S. Education Secretary John B. King Jr. said in a statement.Despite the fact that students will not receive any money from the lawsuit, that does not mean that this isn t very good news. MarketWatch reports:The judgment could help students in another way, said Ben Miller, the senior director for postsecondary education at the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning think tank. It could serve as evidence of Corinthian s wrongdoings for former students who are applying to the federal government to have their loans forgiven because they believe the school violated state law, he said.  It would seem like if there are programs within California that didn t have sufficient evidence for borrower discharge yet, I would think this judgment gives what s necessary,  he said.Overall this is really good news   though it does not really feel like justice truly has been served. No one should have to be given a debt sentence simply for wanting to receive a higher education. Criminal enterprises such as Corinthian Colleges would not have a market to exploit for profit if we had a tuition-free higher education system in the United States. Featured image from Jeramey Jannene/Flickr ",News,"March 26, 2016",0
 Republican Obstructionism Is About To Make An Elderly Disabled Couple Homeless,"An elderly, disabled couple in New Hampshire is suffering thanks to the United States  ridiculous classification of marijuana. Lorraine Sevigny, 61, and Brian Cardinale,59, may be evicted from their apartment after police raided their home and found a tiny amount of marijuana   that the couple uses for medicinal purposes   in a jar.On May 10, Lebanon police carried out a search warrant on the apartment, discovered the marijuana and issued them a citation. Police say they conducted the search after some busy-body an anonymous source provided them with  drug intel. Sevingy told officers that she uses the plant to relieve pain from a traumatic brain injury suffered in a car accident forty years ago. Cardinale smokes pot, in addition to taking 18 other drugs, to treat multiple sclerosis (MS). His debilitating illness, which attacks the central nervous system, has forced him to walk with a cane. Stairs are my mortal enemy,  said Cardinale. I m lucky. I m not in a wheelchair. Medical marijuana is legal in the state of New Hampshire, but Cardinale is unable to get a prescription for it because technically he does not have an address. His apartment was destroyed in a fire in February, so he moved in with Sevingy; unfortunately, the paperwork to put his name on the lease has not been processed yet.Ordinarily someone would not be evicted from an apartment for a misdemeanor drug citation but the type of complex and federal drug laws makes this case extremely frustrating.   The couples landlord, Twin Pines Housing Trust, is a non-profit organization that provides the elderly with low-rent places to live. The organization purchased Sevigny s apartment building in November with the help of a $6.8 million U.S. Department of Agriculture loan and that loan is the problem.When Twin Pines accepted the USDA loan they agreed to a zero-tolerance drug policy. After police searched the couples  home they notified Twin Pines about the marijuana they found and that triggered eviction proceedings.  Andrew Winter, executive director of Twin Pines, said: While we recognize that state policies on marijuana are rapidly evolving, we still need to comply with federal restrictions that govern the financing of our properties. And therein lies the problem. The federal government still has marijuana listed as a schedule 1 narcotic. A schedule 1 drug is one that could lead to  severe psychological or physical dependence.  MDMA (ecstasy) is considered a schedule 1 narcotic. LSD (acid) is considered a schedule 1 narcotic.In February 2015, Representatives Jared Polis (D-CO) and Earl Blumenauer (D-OR), tried to change the classification of marijuana with bill  H.R. 1013, the Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol Act. In November 2015, Senator Bernie Sanders introduced its companion bill to the Senate, unfortunately, like every bill introduced by Democrats in the Republican-controlled Congress, the bills never saw the light of day. Had Congress acted and declassified the plant as a schedule 1 drug, this couple would not be worried about their future because the police would have never raided their apartment. But here we are, all thanks to the GOP s inability to do their job.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"May 31, 2016",0
Republicans take next step in U.S. deregulation with Senate bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers launched the next round in their fight against federal regulation on Wednesday, helped by at least one Democrat, as the U.S. Senate began work on legislation to change nearly every step agencies take in creating and applying new rules. Republicans have said they deem lightening federal regulation, which they consider costly and burdensome, as much a priority as overhauling healthcare and rewriting the tax code.  For most of President Donald Trump’s first 100 days, the Republican-led Congress attacked regulation by passing resolutions to wipe some of former Democratic President Barack Obama’s rules off the books under the Congressional Review Act. Trump also ordered agencies to scrap two existing rules every time they enact a new one. Just before Trump’s January inauguration, the House of Representatives passed the “Regulatory Accountability Act,” combining a half dozen bills to radically change government regulation. On Wednesday, Senator Rob Portman, a Ohio Republican, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a North Dakota Democrat, introduced a version of the act for that chamber. If it passes, the bill will be combined with the House version for Trump to sign into law. The bill would bring “our outdated federal regulatory process into the 21st Century by requiring agencies to use the best scientific and economic data available, strengthening checks and balances, and giving the public a voice in the process,” Portman said in a statement. It requires stricter cost-benefit analysis, use of the “best available science” to craft rules, and reviews of regulations, according to a summary. The bill diverges from the House version on what is known as the “Chevron Deference,” based on a Supreme Court ruling that courts should defer to agencies’ interpretations of statutes governing their rulemaking. The House legislation eliminates the Chevron Deference, while the Senate one creates a judicial review process where courts can decide if agencies comply with the law and then remand non-compliant rules to agencies. Courts would also review factual determinations used in drafting rules costing more than $1 billion annually. Environmental and labor groups said the Senate bill could block needed new regulations and weaken existing ones.  “This bill would tilt the scales in favor of polluters at the public’s expense,” said Scott Slesinger, legislative director of the Natural Resources Defense Council. “It would make it virtually impossible to safeguard the public from dirty air, unsafe drinking water and other health threats.”  ",politicsNews,"April 26, 2017 ",1
 Trump’s Potential Pick For Labor Secretary PROVES He Hates Workers,"Throughout the campaign, many have tried defending Trump by saying that he was once a Democrat, so he must secretly be a liberal, or something. Well, Trump s pick for his cabinet are among the most conservative possible, and his pick for Labor Secretary is not only  ber socially conservative, he would probably opt for slave labor if it was an option.Andy Puzder is the CEO of Carl s Jr. and Hardee s   you know, that company that has  family values  ads like this one:We don t know if it s a shared love for scantily clad women in semi-pornographic settings that drew Donald Trump to Puzder, but Trump is considering him as Labor Secretary and that s very bad news for labor.In May, Pudzer penned a petulant op-ed in which he said he would replace all his employees with robots if Congress raised the minimum wage. That s right, the so-called populist President Elect wants someone in charge of labor who believes that if you can t dramatically underpay employees, then why have employees at all. Pudzer s salary is upwards of $5 million a year. His employees make somewhere around double the poverty level, assuming they are not parents and are working full time.Oh, it gets worse, a lot worse. Puzder, like many of Trump s picks, is painfully (to the nation) socially conservative. Puzder, in his previous life, was a trial lawyer and as a trial lawyer, he wrote one of the most restrictive anti-abortion laws of that time.Puzder isn t completely in lock-step with the isolationist Trump, though. He does support free trade. Puzder s views run contrary to the key part of Trump s platform. Pudzer is for immigration reform, but it sort of seems to depend on who s in office. Pudzer loves the cheap labor that immigrants can provide, but not if President Obama is behind it.Immigration reform requires legislative action, not an executive mandate. On that point, last week, numerous business executives, political leaders and I sent a letter to the Republican members of Congress imploring them to reform our broken immigration system. The letter encourages Congress to pass legislation that  discourages the rising tide of illegal immigration while fixing the unnecessary obstacles that send talented individuals elsewhere and make it harder for American companies to compete, grow and create jobs for American workers. Source: Real Clear PoliticsRegardless, Trump is sending a definite message to the nation, which is that his voters and the working people of America don t matter at all. Trump isn t going to save jobs, but he could help lower wages and Puzder is the perfect person to help do that.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"December 6, 2016",0
BOILER ROOM – EP #55 – Roasting the Wretched Hive of Scum and Villainy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis. Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with a bubbling cauldron of media, politics, comedy and the bones of baby dolls. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!  REFERENCE LINKS:",Middle-east,"May 4, 2016",0
 BREAKING: GOP Civil War Kicks Off With A Blast As Trump LOSES HIS SH*T At Paul Ryan (TWEETS),"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is in full implosion mode. Ever since a lewd, misogynistic tape of him on an Access Hollywood bus with then-host Billy Bush surfaced on Friday, GOP establishment has been fleeing the Trump Train in an effort to save their own skins in down-ballot races. However, the party leaders   namely House Speaker Paul Ryan   were largely still supportive, even while condemning Trump s indefensible remarks.Well, that all changed on Monday, when Ryan told members of the House Republicans that he would no longer defend nor campaign for his party s toxic nominee, and told down-ballot candidates to do what they have to do to save their own seats in their districts. Trump, never one to be able to let things go when he feels slighted in any way, for any reason, has decided to go into full-blown war mode against his own party s establishment. Trump took to Twitter to blast them all, and it is still happening as we speak. Here s his big  f**k you  to Paul Ryan and all the rest:Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don t know how to win   I will teach them!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016And there you have it, folks. The Republican Party has literally nominated a crazy man to be in control of America s nuclear arsenal. If you ever doubted that the GOP cares more about their party than they do their country, here s your proof that there is no doubt to be had here. They d rather nominate a lunatic who would end civilization as they know it than see a Democrat in the White House. They created this monster, and now that they ve lost control of him, they have not a clue as to what to do about it.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",News,"October 11, 2016",0
 Donald Trump Just Posted The Weirdest Ad You’ll See This Entire Election (VIDEO),"Everyone knows that Republican front runner Donald Trump s Twitter account is filled with nonsense and an absolute nightmare for any level-headed American. Trump has successfully funneled all of that bigotry and offensive rhetoric to his Instagram account, as the business mogul has just posted a completely baffling ad meant to insult Hillary Clinton while nearly destroying his friendly relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin.Trump has previously spoken positively about Putin and defended the Russian leader several times, which won him Putin s support for presidency. But in the ad, it doesn t seem like Trump likes Putin at all   it even seems like he s trying to destroy their mutually respectful bond. In the video, Putin performs MMA-style combat moves for a few seconds before a clip of an ISIS soldier pointing a gun at the camera is shown. The text reads: When it comes to facing our toughest opponents, the Democrats have the perfect answer And right as the text disappears, Trump goes after Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton by showing a clip where Clinton is  barking    which is ironic since Clinton was actually doing this to mock Republicans for not being able to fight  our toughest opponents.  This footage of Clinton is from a campaign rally in February, and happened after telling a story about an old campaign ad that made a dog bark whenever someone lied. Clinton was implying that the GOP candidates were lying through their teeth about several of their claims. Having this clip in Trump s ad is completely out of context, and makes it even more confusing.After the footage of Clinton barking, the video cuts to some really uncomfortable footage of Putin giggling creepily. The last line in the ad reads, We don t need to be a punch line! The ad is about 15 long seconds that make absolutely no sense   just like Trump himself.Is this what we want for a President?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Mar 16, 2016 at 9:15am PDTFor someone who doesn t want America to become a punchline, Trump has done an amazing job making our politics look like a joke. Unfortunately, this video is getting tons of positive attention from Trump s 1.2 million Instagram followers. Since being posted this afternoon, it has already received over 22,000 likes and thousands of comments.Trump has previously railed against Clinton for imitating a dog. During a South Carolina rally, Trump criticized the former Secretary of State, stating that the press would bury him if he acted the same way. He said, If I ever did that, I would be ridiculed all over the place. I won t do it. I m not going to imitate her.  However, we all know that Trump has done far worse.Given that Trump has a history of misogyny and attacks on women, this strange anti-Clinton ad is nothing new. And it makes about just as much sense as he does. Featured image via Evan Guest / Flickr",News,"March 16, 2016",0
Watch as Trump Gatecrashes Glenn Beck’s Cruz Caucus Event in Nevada," 21st Century Wire says One TV personality Trumps another TV personality.While GOP front runner Donald Trump was on his way to another resounding win, this time at the Nevada Caucus primary, he continued to rewrite the political rule book by making an unscheduled stop at a competitor s rally.  It couldn t have happened to a better entertainer (not Donald) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCEtRKGsGQc . Eliza Collins PoliticoDonald Trump crashed the Nevada caucus location at which conservative talk show host Glenn Beck was speaking Tuesday night on behalf of Ted Cruz.MSNBC was broadcasting a live look at the caucus site, Palo Verde High School in Summerlin, when Trump suddenly showed up and made an impromptu speech of his own. We are going to have hopefully a historic night,  Trump said.  I appreciate everybody being here. I wanted to be here myself and say a few words. The billionaire informed his Twitter followers he would be  at various caucus sites  throughout Nevada on Tuesday, but didn t specify where.Afterward, MSNBC asked Trump about his allegation that Cruz is a liar. Ted is gonna start telling the truth   people have gotten wise to him,  Trump said, pointing to Cruz s third-place finish in South Carolina on Saturday as a problem for the Texas senator.  When he lifts his hands up high, I think he s going to be very happy. Continue this story at PoliticoREAD MORE 2016 ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",Middle-east,"February 24, 2016",0
Russian bombers strike Islamic State targets in Syria: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Tu-22M3 long-range bombers struck Islamic State targets near the town of Albu Kamal in Syria on Saturday, RIA news agency reported, citing Russia s Defence Ministry. Command centers and weapon depots were among the targets hit by the bombers which flew over Iran and Iraq. ",worldnews,"November 4, 2017 ",1
SCOTT BAIO FILES POLICE REPORT: Physically Attacked By Wife Of Famous Rock Band Member Over Support For Trump…Screamed Vulgarities In Front Of Kids At Elementary School Function,"Scott Baio became a teen idol starring as Chachi Arcola on Happy Days from 1977-1984 and he worked pretty consistently until a few years ago, most recently as star and producer of See Dad Run on Nick at Nite. Baio spoke to The Hollywood Reporter about being a conservative in famously liberal Hollywood.Donald Trump has had some gaffes recently, like insulting the Khan family. Do you think they are actual gaffes or media hype?Well, let s put that up against someone who should be indicted, according to James Comey, the FBI director. It s amazing. I mean, I don t know where you stand politically   you work for The Hollywood Reporter so I m sure you lean left. But it s incredible to me that she lied about people dying in Benghazi, and she is still lying about her emails, and Donald Trump says something about this couple and it s taken completely out of context. I was around for Romney and I thought that was bad, but this is insane. I don t know who the Clintons made a deal with, but the media is, so bad. How do you fight that?  Hollywood Reporter On Monday, Scott Baio filed a police report claiming the wife of the Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer went nuts on him at a function with their elementary school kids   physically attacking him over his support of Donald Trump.Law enforcement tells TMZ, Baio says he was at an event with his daughter Saturday in Thousand Oaks, CA, when Nancy Mack confronted him. Mack, who s married to drummer Chad Smith, is a vocal anti-Trump supporter   who has called the Prez-elect racist   began berating and cursing Baio, one of Trump s strongest celebrity supporters.We re told Baio told cops he asked her to quiet down because kids were present, but Mack was undeterred, asking him how he could support a man who said,  Grab  em by the pussy.  Baio claims she repeatedly screamed,  Grab  em by the pussy. Baio asked Nancy to stop, but he claims she kept repeating the comment because she felt everyone needed to hear it, cause Trump used it. Baio told cops at that point Mack attacked him, grabbing him under his arms and then shaking and pushing him.For entire story: TMZ ",left-news,"Dec 16, 2016",0
U.S. jets fire flares to warn Russian jets in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. F-22 fighter aircraft fired warning flares on Wednesday after two Russian Su-25 jets entered an agreed upon deconfliction area in airspace east of the Euphrates river in Syria, the U.S. military said. Eric Pahon, a Pentagon spokesman, said the F-22 aircraft were providing air cover to partnered ground forces when the Russian jets came into airspace near Albu Kamal. The incident lasted for about 40 minutes and coalition officials contacted the Russians through a communication link to avoid a miscalculation.  At one point, Pahon said, a Russian jet came close enough that one of the F-22 aircraft had to  aggressively maneuver to avoid a midair collision.  U.S. officials have said that as the battlefield against Islamic State shrinks, they expect Russian and U.S. aircraft to be in closer proximity. Since early November, Russian jets have flown east of the Euphrates river in the deconflicted airspace about six to eight times a day, according to the U.S. military.  It s become increasingly tough for our pilots to discern whether Russian pilots  actions are deliberate or if these are just honest mistakes,  Pahon said.  The Coalition s greatest concern is that we could shoot down a Russian aircraft because its actions are seen as a threat to our air or ground forces,  he added. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has said the U.S. military will fight Islamic State in Syria  as long as they want to fight,  describing a longer-term role for U.S. troops after the insurgents lose all of the territory they control.  ",worldnews,"December 14, 2017 ",1
MUSLIM CLOCK BOY’S LIE EXPOSED [Video] Expert Proves Boy Who Received Invitation To White House And Thousands In Donations Story Was A Hoax,"Everything about this muslim boy s story is a lie. From the first lie that he made the clock to the lie about him being unfairly targeted by the school. But in the Muslim faith, it s okay to lie (taqiya)as long as you re promoting your faith. In Shi a Islam, taqiya (  taqiyyah/taq yah) is a form of religious veil, or a legal dispensation whereby a believing individual can deny his faith or commit otherwise illegal or blasphemous acts, especially while they are in fear or at risk of significant persecution.Our  President  Barack Obama brazenly supported and promoted the  persecution  of this poor Muslim boy:Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great.  President Obama (@POTUS44) September 16, 2015 Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It s what makes America great.  President Barack Obama, September 16, 2015It was a Hoax.Ahmed Mohamed s claims that he assembled a clock at home that he took to school is starting to unravel.Two investigators who have studied the image of Mohamed s device provided by Irving, Texas police have concluded that Mohamed did not make the clock. Both conclude that Mohamed disassembled a manufactured clock and installed it in a large pencil box without its casing. And both say it is possible it was done to provoke suspicion or to resemble a bomb.Update: Clock has been identified as being sold in a 1986 Radio Shack catalogue by an Art Voice reader. The headline and text for this article has been changed to reflect the update.14-year-old Mohamed, a Muslim, was briefly arrested and investigated for bringing a hoax bomb to MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas on Monday. He was subsequently cleared.Thousands of dollars have been donated to Ahmed Mohamed in just the past few days, reported CNN. On Monday, 14-year-old Mohamed was arrested for taking a homemade clock to school that his teachers thought was a bomb. So crowdfunding platform LaunchGood started a campaign to raise $100,000 for the Muslim teen. In just one day, the site had raised over $10,000 from more than 200 backers. It s hoping to raise $100,000 by October 13. The support for it has been amazing,  said Chris Abdur-Rahman Blauvelt, CEO of LaunchGood, which supports projects started by Muslims or ones that are tied to the history and study of Islam. Blauvelt said his campaign has the approval of Mohamed s family. He said half of the money donated will go toward a scholarship fund for Mohamed and the rest to efforts that foster creativity and inventiveness in kids. In addition to LaunchGood, crowdfunding platform Gofundme has also launched a campaign for Mohamed. It s raised more than $4,000 with a goal of $60,000 that will go toward Mohamed s future college tuition. Thomas Talbot posted a video to YouTube explaining the various parts in the photo of Mohamed s briefcase clock belong to a manufactured alarm clock. Anthony , writing at the blog Art Voice, detailed how Mohamed s device is actually a 1980s digital alarm clock sold by Radio Shack.Via: Gateway Pundit ",left-news,"Sep 19, 2015",0
Japan says revising comfort women agreement with South Korea unacceptable,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said on Wednesday that any attempt to revise Tokyo s 2015 agreement with South Korea over   comfort women  forced to work in Japan s wartime military brothels would be unacceptable and make relations unmanageable. Kono s comment comes after his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wha, said the agreement failed to meet the needs of victims and apologized for the controversial deal.  The Japan-South Korea agreement is an agreement between the two governments and one that has been highly appreciated by international society,  Kono said in a written statement.  If the South Korean government ... tried to revise the agreement that is already being implemented, that would make Japan s ties with South Korea unmanageable and it would be unacceptable.      ",worldnews,"December 27, 2017 ",1
WHY LET THE ATHEISTS Run All Over You? City Removes Bench Honoring Veterans,"A city in Pennsylvania is removing a park bench with a religious quote in order to placate angry atheists. The atheists wants to put their own bench there instead: This bench was put there to honor veterans! Is nothing sacred anymore? The site reads:  The quote by William Penn, appearing on the Tyrants Bench, honors Pennsylvania s founding father, as well as the men and women who gave their lives to protect the rights of all U.S. citizens Men who aren t governed by God, will be governed by tyrants Does anyone else see the irony in this quote? OIL CITY, Pa.   An atheist group in New Jersey is seeking the removal of a bench at a Pennsylvania park that is meant to honor veterans due to an inscription of a quote attributed to the state s founder that mentions God. American Atheists (AA) recently sent a letter to the mayor of Oil City to request that the Justus Park bench, which was donated in 2003 by a local branch of the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), be removed out of its belief that its inscribed text violates the U.S. Constitution.  Men who aren t governed by God, will be governed by tyrants,  the bench reads, paraphrasing a quote that is often attributed to Pennsylvania founder William Penn, a Quaker who wrote a number of theological books and who once stood trial for  causing a tumult  in preaching in the streets. AA contends that the quote violates the Establishment Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which instructs that  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion.  The group also says the text is disrespectful to non-Christians. The Tyrants Bench contains an overtly religious message which endorses one particular religious viewpoint: Christianity. The statement that  Men who aren t governed by God will be governed by tyrants  not only has absolutely nothing to do with honoring our service members, but is derisive toward the all non-Christian American service members who have served and died for this country,  its letter asserted. It offered to provide a secular bench in exchange for the current display.Read more: Christian News",politics,"May 6, 2017",0
 Here’s The Excuse Trump Made For Losing Iowa – Says Running No Longer ‘Worth It’ (IMAGES),"Donald Trump didn t exactly have the best showing in Iowa, at least, not for a guy who said just before the caucuses began that he would have a  tremendous victory.  He ended up finishing 2nd, a full 4 points behind Ted Cruz and ended up tying with Marco Rubio for seven delegates.While he didn t throw a huge tantrum on stage, he isn t exactly being that presidential about it, either. Behind the scenes you know he must be fuming mad. Rarely is he silent on Twitter, and after the loss he didn t tweet a word; there was just silence for 14 long hours. Losing Iowa finally brought Donald Trump back down to earth, and if you re able to gather anything from his latest tweet, it s that he doesn t handle losing very well. Instead of preparing himself for the oath of office, and acting presidential, he had to find a way to offer an excuse. And, boy did he.Pic via Twitter.Trump has been known for quite some time for saying anything and everything on the popular site, and normally we could care a less, but he needs to be called out for being a sore loser. Shortly afterwards, he also posted a cryptic message that made it seem like he wasn t as interested in running for president anymore. Really? Here was what he said, in part: I will keep doing, but not worth it! What exactly does this mean? It must mean he doesn t think running for president is worth it unless people give him credit for things. That, or self-funding his campaign isn t worth it enough for him to be president. Either way, if Trump doesn t self-fund his own campaign he d be beholden to outside groups and special interests, and has already said himself that he doesn t want that. So, according to his own rules, he has to fund his it. There s no other way according to him. And, to make matters worse, it s already been proven that he is, in fact, NOT self-funding his campaign. Go figure. So, what he says is not even true. For more on this, visit HERE. He s in this for the attention and nothing else. He could care a less about  Making America Great Again. Pic via Twitter.Here s news for you, Donald: being president is much harder than this. You don t give up after the first contest. And, you sure as heck don t complain. That  loser  front page cover from the New York Daily News must have really got to him.Featured image from Facebook",News,"February 2, 2016",0
 Lifetime Republican Voter Thanks President Obama For Saving His Life With Obamacare,"Republican lawmakers hate Obamacare, but it s saving the lives of Republican voters.Even though Brent Brown hated the Affordable Care Act and refused to vote for President Obama in 2008 and 2012, the lifetime GOP voter from Wisconsin wrote a letter to the Democratic Commander-in-Chief apologizing for all the bad things he said and thanking Obama for saving his life.Brown thanked President Obama because the Affordable Care Act allowed him to finally access the medication he needs to  stabilize my condition. Prior to the passage of the landmark healthcare legislation, Brown had been denied health insurance because of a pre-existing condition. But because Obamacare requires insurance companies to cover people with pre-existing conditions, Brown was able to get the care he needed.So he wrote a heartfelt letter to President Obama in June, which the White House posted online, thanking him for saving his life and  for being my President.  Brown also admitted that he was wrong about the healthcare law.Here s the full letter via the White House.To My President,I sincerely hope that this reaches you, as far too often praise is hard to come by. Apologies to people who deserve it perhaps even less so.I did not vote for you. Either time. I have voted Republican for the entirety of my life. I proudly wore pins and planted banners displaying my Republican loyalty. I was very vocal in my opposition to you particularly the ACA.Before I briefly explain my story allow me to first say this: I am so very sorry. I understand written content cannot convey emotions very well but my level of conviction has me in tears as I write this. I was so very wrong. So very very wrong.You saved my life. I want that to sink into your ears and mind. My President, you saved my life, and I am eternally grateful.I have a  pre-existing condition  and so could never purchase health insurance. Only after the ACA came into being could I be covered. Put simply to not take up too much of your time if you are in fact taking the time to read this: I would not be alive without access to care I received due to your law. So thank you from a dumb young man who thought he knew it all and who said things about you that he now regrets. Thank you for serving me even when I didn t vote for you.Thank you for being my President.Honored to have lived under your leadership and guidance,Brent Nathan BrownIn a follow-up letter, Brown updated President Obama on how he is doing thanks to the Affordable Care Act.The Affordable Care Act saved my life. I can now say, after several surgeries, that I m in recovery from what was a serious autoimmune disease I was finally able to receive the quality of care that had eluded me for years. I was able to consult the top surgeon in my state for the particular surgery I needed. I was able to receive the stabilizing drug that was always hidden behind a doctor s apology:  I m sorry, Mr. Brown, we have to take your financial consideration into account.  I was able to stay at one of the best equipped hospitals in my state for as long as I needed, without having to worry about checking myself out early because of cost concerns. I had hope.If Republican lawmakers have their way, people like Brent Brown would lose this hope. They would be stripped of the newly found healthcare that they have waited years to finally receive. This letter is not only a testament to how Obamacare is helping millions of Americans, it s a warning to Republicans that they would be hurting their own voters by repealing the ACA.Brent Brown is a shining example of the Affordable Care Act s success and necessity, and he had the courage to say he was wrong and thank President Obama for fighting for him. It s too bad other Republicans refuse to do the same.Featured Image: Flickr",News,"March 4, 2016",0
ANGRY LEFTIST Grills Democrat On Russia Scam In Epic Interview: “I think we should tell the people the truth” [Video],"Max Blumenthal is a known progressive who s out to get his own party for the constant Russia-Trump bashing. He confronts Rep. Jamie Raskin on the Russia scandal:This is hysterical! Blumenthal is awesome even though he s a leftist A rarity! Note at the end of the video that he calls out Raskin for saying  Trump is a Russian hoax Earlier in July he proposed a panel to oust President Trump: Pointing to the outcry over President Donald Trump s latest controversial tweets, freshman Rep. Jamie Raskin is urging his colleagues to get behind a bill that could potentially oust the President if he was mentally or physically unfit.The Maryland Democrat wants to create an 11-member commission made up of mostly physicians and psychiatrists   more formally called the  Oversight Commission on Presidential Capacity.  The panel would carry out a medical examination and determine whether the President was physically or mentally able to do the job. Two of the commission s members would also be former high ranking officials, such as presidents, vice presidents, attorneys general or secretaries of state. It s a provocative and long-shot effort, but Raskin is citing as his legal backup the 25th Amendment of the Constitution, which was adopted in 1967 after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy to establish procedure in the case a president is incapacitated. About two dozen Democrats have signed on to the effort as of Thursday. Raskin is zeroing in on one section of that constitutional amendment, which allows the vice president to assume powers if either the majority of the Cabinet or  such other body as Congress  finds that the President is  unable to discharge the powers and duties of office.  (The vice president would also have to agree to the assessment of the President s abilities.) Raskin is proposing his commission to serve as that  body. Raskin is a freshman in Congress Let s hope the people of Maryland kick him out after one term. It s obvious he s a liar and doesn t respect the office of POTUS. ",politics,"Jul 17, 2017",0
NEWT GINGRICH Gives Best Ever Solution to Stop WH Leaks! [Video],"Newt Gingrich:  You start putting a few people in jail, you ll see the leaks dry up dramatically.  Gingrich is saying what so many Americans are thinking! President Trump needs to bring down the hammer on these leakers!.@newtgingrich:  You start putting a few people in jail, you ll see the leaks dry up dramatically.  pic.twitter.com/hIouoVMTgm  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 28, 2017JUDGE JEANINE RECENTLY SAID THAT THE ONE BIG PROBLEM THAT TRUMP NEEDS TO FIX IS THE LEAKERS:Pirro called on Trump to make every effort to find the leaker in the White House:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53eulMbi9x8A RECENT REPORT FROM BREITBART NEWS: LEAKERS FOUND AND WILL BE DEALT WITH BY THE PRESIDENT:The latest report on the White House leakers raises many questions. The main question to ask is why there are ANY  Obama holdovers  left working at the White House.  Trump should fire them all because it s turning out that they just want to sabotage his presidency!BREITBART NEWS IS REPORTING that at least two separate news organizations have credible information that three distinct leakers have been identified at the White House and that President Donald Trump is expected to fire them when he returns from his first overseas trip. CBS News has confirmed from two sources that three leakers of classified information at the White House have been identified and are expected to be fired,  CBS News reported this week, adding,  Officials within the Trump White House believe leaks of Mr. Trump s conversation with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov are a  deliberate attempt  by officials who are holdovers from President Obama s administration and are trying to damage the Trump presidency. In addition, this week, chief One America News Network (OANN) White House correspondent Trey Yingst also reported that three White House leakers have been identified and referred to the proper authorities.Yingst wrote on Twitter that the three leakers have been carelessly leaking classified information to hurt President Trump politically and that Trump is expected to fire  multiple people  connected with the network of leakers upon his return to the White House.",politics,"May 29, 2017",0
 Hillary’s Latest Challenge To Progressives Is One That Needs To Be Taken Very Seriously (VIDEO),"Appearing on Face the Nation this past Sunday, Hillary Clinton was posed a question by host John Dickerson surrounding voters and how many want what they want, even when it comes to their candidate of choice. Dickerson insinuated that Hillary may be trying to get Bernie Sanders out of the race. However, when it comes down to who is going to win the nomination, many voters are undoubtedly going to be disappointed, because their candidate was not the one chosen. Yet, those voters will still have a voice, a voice that needs to be heard, and a message that needs to be spread far and wide.Hillary s response was honest, clear, to the point, and one that needs to be heard by every progressive everywhere who doesn t want to see the nation fall into the hands of Donald Trump. She said: I m three million votes ahead of Senator Sanders, nearly 300 pledged delegates ahead of him. He has to make his own mind up.But I was very heartened to hear him say last week that he is going to work seven days a week to make sure Donald Trump doesn t become president. And I want to unify the party. I see a great role and opportunity for him and his supporters to be part of that unified party, to move into not just November to win the election against Donald Trump, but to then govern based on the progressive goals that he and I share.We both want to raise the minimum wage. We both understand you have got to rein in bad actors on Wall Street and in corporate America to make sure they don t wreck Main Street. We have a lot of the same goals. And I hope we can unify around them. And she s absolutely correct. While the means to achieve some of the goals are different, the goals, nonetheless, are pretty much the same. While Bernie wants to overhaul health care and education in one fell swoop, Hillary wants the same things, but done over time. It s all about unifying behind the message and making sure we get there somehow, because if Donald Trump is to become president, or we can t manage to turn Congress blue again, honestly, it won t really matter who is president. Everything that needs to get done would be virtually impossible (see also: President Barack Obama with Republican Congress).No matter who the Democratic candidate for president is, it s time to unite behind them with the common goal of progress for the greater good, not just the few on top. Let s do this, progressives.Watch the whole segment from Face the Nation here:Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",News,"May 9, 2016",0
Trump recognizes 'urgency' of North Korea nuclear threat: South Korea,"SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s “clear warning” to North Korea shows he is aware of the urgency of the threat posed by North Korea’s nuclear program and will not waver from a policy of sanctions against the isolated country, South Korea said on Tuesday. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said on Sunday his nuclear-capable country was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), raising the prospect of putting parts of the United States in range. Trump dismissed the claim, saying on Twitter: “It won’t happen.” South Korea’s Foreign Ministry said Trump’s comment, his first mention of the North Korean nuclear issue since the U.S. election in November, could be interpreted as a “clear warning” to the North. “Because of our active outreach, President-elect Trump and U.S. officials are clearly aware of the gravity and urgency of the North Korean nuclear threat,” ministry spokesman Cho June-hyuck said at a briefing. “They are maintaining an unwavering stance on the need for sanctions on North Korea and for close cooperation between South Korea and the U.S.”  The U.S. State Department said it recognized that North Korea continued to pursue nuclear and ballistic missile technologies. “We do not believe that at this point in time he has the capability to tip one of these (missiles) with a nuclear warhead ... but we do know that he continues to want to have those capabilities and the programs continue to march in that direction,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters.    Trump has not outlined a policy on North Korea, but during the U.S. election campaign indicated he would be willing to talk to its leader, Kim, given the opportunity. Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway told ABC’s “Good Morning America” program that the president-elect was “putting North Korea on notice through this tweet and through other statements that this won’t happen.” “He as president of the United States wants to stand between them and their missile capabilities, which experts say could be deployed to reach Seattle almost immediately,” Conway said. She said Trump had not publicly stated how he might respond to North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs and “won’t before he’s inaugurated.” “We do know that there are sanctions that are possible,” Conway said. “They haven’t always worked. I think that China would have to have a significant role here as well.”Trump has been critical of China over the issue. On Monday, he said China had benefited from its economic ties with the United States but would not use its influence to help control North Korea. In response, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China had been pushing for the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. “China’s efforts in this regard are perfectly obvious,” Geng told a news briefing. “As a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council we have proactively participated in relevant discussions on the North Korean nuclear issue and have jointly passed several resolutions with other parties.  “This shows China’s responsible attitude.” Asked about Trump’s view that China was not helping to contain North Korea’s nuclear ambitions, the State Department’s Kirby said: “We would not agree with that assessment.” The United States has for years dismissed North Korean calls for talks, insisting it must disarm first.  The United States and ally South Korea have responded to two North Korean nuclear tests and various missile tests last year with ever-more-severe sanctions. The U.N. Security Council imposed new sanctions on North Korea at the end of November after Pyongyang carried out its fifth and largest nuclear test so far in September. A North Korean ICBM, once fully developed, could threaten the continental United States, which is about 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from the North.  ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or further.     North Korea worked last year on developing components for an ICBM, saying it was close to a test-launch plausible, international weapons experts said on Monday. ",politicsNews,"January 2, 2017 ",1
"Factbox: Trump controversies: Michael Flynn, the travel ban and others","(Reuters) - National security adviser Michael Flynn’s resignation under fire was just the latest in a series of controversies that have embroiled the Trump administration since it took office on Jan. 20.  Here are several of the tempests that have swirled around the new White House: Flynn quit on Monday after misleading the White House about his contacts with Russia before taking office and President Donald Trump lost trust in him, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said. U.S. lawmakers, including some leading Republicans, called for an investigation. NATIONAL SECURITY AT MAR-A-LAGO Private guests at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida snapped photos of the president and visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe conferring and looking at documents while surrounded by aides following a weekend missile launch by North Korea. One guest posted to his Facebook page a picture with a man described to be the holder of the “nuclear football,” or weapons codes. The incidents prompted concerns about national security, and a Republican representative asked the White House for details. Trump issued an executive order on Jan. 27 temporarily banning U.S. entry by travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees, citing the need to protect Americans. The ban triggered protests across the United States, confusion at U.S. and overseas airports and multiple legal challenges. A federal judge in Seattle on Feb. 3 suspended the ban in an order upheld by a federal appeals court in San Francisco. The Seattle judge’s order drew fire from Trump on Twitter, who criticized the jurist and the court system. The Republican president’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, said last week that the Twitter attacks were “demoralizing” and “disheartening,” according to a spokesman. Trump said Gorsuch’s comments had been misrepresented. Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway urged Americans last week to buy his daughter Ivanka Trump’s clothing and jewelry products during an appearance on a national television program after department store chain Nordstrom Inc said it was dropping them due to a decline in sales. Conway’s endorsement, which followed a Twitter attack by Trump on Nordstrom, prompted criticism from Democrats and Republicans. On Tuesday, the Office of Government Ethics said the White House should investigate whether Conway violated ethics rules. Trump’s nominee to head the Labor Department, fast-food executive Andrew Puzder, admitted on Feb. 7 he employed an illegal immigrant as a house cleaner. Puzder, who already faced strong opposition from Senate Democrats and progressive groups because of his views on labor issues, said he and his wife had employed the housekeeper for a few years without knowing she was not legally permitted to work in the country. He said that when he learned of her status, he and his wife ended her employment and offered her help in getting legal status. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped plans to meet his counterpart in Washington during the second week of Trump’s presidency after Trump tweeted that Mexico should cancel the meeting if it was not prepared to pay for his proposed border wall. Trump abruptly ended a phone call in late January with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, telling the leader of one of the United States’ closest allies that it was the “worst call by far” he had had with a foreign leader, according to the Washington Post. Trump said a deal between the United States and Australia on refugee resettlement was “dumb” and accused Turnbull’s country of trying to export the “next Boston bombers” under the agreement, the Post said. ",politicsNews,"February 14, 2017 ",1
Slain sergeant's widow says Trump call 'made me cry even worse',", (Reuters) - The widow of a U.S. Army sergeant killed in Niger this month said on Monday that President Donald Trump had  made me cry even worse  in a condolence telephone call when he said her husband  knew what he signed up for.  Myeshia Johnson s comments in an ABC interview, her first to the media about the call from Trump, fueled a controversy that has raged for a week over how the president has handled consoling relatives of slain service members. After the interview aired, Trump again defended himself, saying in a Twitter post that his conversation with Johnson had been  very respectful.  In the  Good Morning America  interview, Johnson also said she has been told little about how her husband, Sergeant La David T. Johnson, was killed and has not been allowed to see his body.  La David Johnson was one of four U.S. Army special forces soldiers killed during an Oct. 4 ambush in the West African nation.  Last week, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives and friend of Johnson s family, Frederica Wilson, said she listened to the call on speakerphone in a car as she rode with them to receive the late sergeant s body at a Miami airport, and that Trump had upset the relatives. That drew a rebuke from the president, who dubbed Wilson  wacky  and denied her account.  I didn t say what that congresswoman said,  Trump told reporters last week.  I had a very nice conversation with the woman, with the wife who ... sounded like a lovely woman.  In Monday s interview, Myeshia Johnson said,  The president said that he (her husband) knew what he signed up for, but it hurts anyway ... And it made me cry because I was very angry at the tone of his voice and how he couldn t remember my husband s name.  In his tweet after the interview aired, Trump said,  I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!  Johnson said the military has told her little about what happened to her husband and his comrades in Niger, where about 800 U.S. troops are engaged in counter-terrorism operations against an affiliate of the Islamic State militant group. She also said she was upset she has not been allowed to see his body.  I don t know what s in that box,  said of the coffin.  It could be empty for all I know.  Johnson said she did not say anything during the call with the president, adding that afterward, she was  very upset and hurt. It made me cry even worse.  Asked what she might now tell Trump, she said she had  nothing to say to him.   Republican U.S. Senator John McCain, a veteran who spent more than five years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam and who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on Monday that lawmakers want answers about the ambush in Niger.  We should not be fighting about a brave American who lost his life serving his country. That should not be a topic in America today,  he told ABC s  The View  program, adding that his committee needed more information about the incident.  Unless you learn the lessons, then you re going to repeat them,  he said. In separate interviews on Sunday, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer both said they backed McCain s efforts to get more details, and that they had not been aware that the United States had so many military personnel in Niger. U.S. forces do not have a direct combat role in Niger, but they help its army with intelligence and reconnaissance in the government s efforts to target violent extremist groups. The current controversy erupted after Trump said a week ago that some of his predecessors as president  didn t do anything  to console the relatives of fallen soldiers. He did not back up the claim and it was shown to be false. [nL2N1MS0M9] The acrimony generated around his call with Johnson echoed a controversy last year during the presidential campaign, when Trump sparred with Khizr Khan and Ghazala Khan, whose son was killed while serving in Iraq in 2004.    ",worldnews,"October 23, 2017 ",1
YOUNG BLACK MAN WHO SAYS BILL CLINTON Is His Father Blames Hillary For Keeping Them Apart…Just Like Slavery When Wives Banished Husband’s Black Offspring [VIDEO],"Danney Williams has been begging for Bill Clinton to acknowledge him for decades. In the video below, he tells a heartbreaking story of living in poverty and being moved from foster care home to foster care home. He also tells of a time when Bill Clinton secretly sent money to his mother and state troopers delivered Christmas gifts to their home. His mother was a prostitute during the time that Bill Clinton was Governor of the state of Arkansas. Williams says he was told he was conceived after Bill Clinton and his mother were  together  13 times. I guess this is one  black life  that the Clinton s didn t think mattered so much ",politics,"Oct 15, 2016",0
Russia detains Norwegian citizen over suspected spying: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying, the RIA news agency reported on Tuesday, citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention. Media reports said Russia s FSB security service had caught the Norwegian taking secret documents about the Russian Navy from a Russian citizen.     ",worldnews,"December 19, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: FREDDIE GRAY HEAD INJURY MATCHES BOLT ON DOOR OF TRANSPORT VAN,"This answers questions but also raises many more questions in this case. Why did the van stop four times? The police van driver hasn t given testimony yet so perhaps he can shed some light on what happened to Freddie Gray An investigation into the death of Baltimore resident Freddie Gray has found no evidence that his fatal injuries were caused during the videotaped arrest and interaction with police officers, according to multiple law enforcement sources.The sources spoke to ABC7 News after being briefed on the findings of a police report turned over to prosecutors on Thursday.  Sources said the medical examiner found Gray s catastrophic injury was caused when he slammed into the back of the police transport van, apparently breaking his neck; a head injury he sustained matches a bolt in the back of the van.Details surrounding exactly what caused Gray to slam into the back of the van was unclear. The officer driving the van has yet to give a statement to authorities. It s also unclear whether Gray s head injury was voluntary or was a result of some other action.The medical examiner s office declined to comment on this open investigation and said it does not release preliminary findings. Via: WJLA",politics,"Apr 30, 2015",0
THE BRUTAL TRUTH About The Mooching Bum Who Wanted To Be Your Next President…And Tax You To Death,"Here s the brutal truth on the socialist who wanted to be your next president and take your hard earned money:Sanders spent most of his life as an angry radical and agitator who never accomplished much of anything. And yet now he thinks he deserves the power to run your life and your finances    We will raise taxes;  he confirmed Monday,  yes, we will. One of his first jobs was registering people for food stamps, and it was all downhill from there.Sanders took his first bride to live in a maple sugar shack with a dirt floor, and she soon left him. Penniless, he went on unemployment. Then he had a child out of wedlock. Desperate, he tried carpentry but could barely sink a nail.  He was a shi**y carpenter,  a friend told Politico Magazine.  His carpentry was not going to support him, and didn t. Then he tried his hand freelancing for leftist rags, writing about  masturbation and rape  and other crudities for $50 a story. He drove around in a rusted-out, Bondo-covered VW bug with no working windshield wipers. Friends said he was  always poor  and his  electricity was turned off a lot.  They described him as a slob who kept a messy apartment   and this is what his friends had to say about him.The only thing he was good at was talking   non-stop   about socialism and how the rich were ripping everybody off.  The whole quality of life in America is based on greed,  the bitter layabout said.  I believe in the redistribution of wealth in this nation. So he tried politics, starting his own socialist party. Four times he ran for Vermont public office, and four times he lost   badly. He never attracted more than single-digit support   even in the People s Republic of Vermont. In his 1971 bid for U.S. Senate, the local press said the 30-year-old  Sanders describes himself as a carpenter who has worked with  disturbed children.    In other words, a real winner.He finally wormed his way into the Senate in 2006, where he still ranks as one of the poorest members of Congress. Save for a municipal pension, Sanders lists no assets in his name. All the assets provided in his financial disclosure form are his second wife s. He does, however, have as much as $65,000 in credit-card debt.Sure, Sanders may not be a hypocrite, but this is nothing to brag about. His worthless background contrasts sharply with the successful careers of other  outsiders  in the race for the White House, including a billionaire developer, a world-renowned neurosurgeon and a Fortune 500 CEO.The choice in this election is shaping up to be a very clear one. It will likely boil down to a battle between those who create and produce wealth, and those who take it and redistribute it.Via: IBD",politics,"Feb 15, 2016",0
 Joy Behar Gives GOP A PAINFUL Reality Check On Why She Will NEVER Accept Trump (VIDEO),"Now that former reality television star, serial rapist and all-around scammy businessman Donald Trump has won the election, many of his supporters are arguing that it s time the rest of America moved on and accepted him. However, most of us can t get behind the fact that a racist misogynist is going to be leading the country, and are still speaking out against the president-elect any chance we can get.One of those people is The View s Joy Behar, who gave conservatives the perfect reality check on why she will never stand behind Trump or his hateful rhetoric. On Friday, Behar railed against Trump and the idea that America must now come together under him and forget every awful thing he s said about women and minority groups during his presidential campaign.This discussion came up as The View s hosts were discussing whether or not left-leaning celebrities should perform at Trump s inauguration. When co-host Jedediah Bila argued that even celebrities who don t agree with Trump s message should perform for him, Behar strongly disagreed. Behar brought up the fact that Trump said several divisive, offensive things during his campaign that had a major impact. She said: I do not forget what he said when he was campaigning! He insulted every group! Bila tried to defend Trump, noting that Obama had a hard time winning everyone s acceptance in 2008, but Behar said there was no comparison between a moron like Trump and our great 44th President. Reminding Republicans that they fought Obama every step of his presidency, Behar said: They obstructed him for 8 years, so why do I have to be so nice? The resistance that the GOP is facing in regards to Trump is not only a taste of their own medicine, but it is humanity s reaction to a completely unqualified bigot that has just been given more power than he deserves or knows what to do with.You can watch Behar tear into the GOP below:Featured image via screenshot and Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"December 9, 2016",0
BLACK MEN FOR BERNIE FOUNDER Campaigns In Swing States For TRUMP: “Bill And Hillary Did Major Damage To Our Communities Last Time In White House” [VIDEO],"Apparently, using thug Michael Ferguson s mom as a prop at Black functions was not enough to be granted the Black vote Black Men for Bernie founder Bruce Carter s mission to restore black communities didn t end when Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders lost to Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary. He opposed Hillary Clinton and the Democratic establishment then because he knew that they didn t represent the minority communities he engaged in politics to fight for.After the leak of internal DNC emails, Carter is convinced that the Democratic Party  rigged  the primary against his candidate and that Hillary Clinton s Democratic Party has no intention of changing the policies that led to the destruction of the communities he s working to improve.Bruce Carter still believes that Hillary Clinton is the poster child for the kind of cronyism, corruption, and evil that the Bernie revolution was built to overthrow. He doesn t believe Hillary Clinton when she labels Donald Trump and his supporters as racists because he knows she falsely labeled her opponents in the primary as sexist  Bernie Bros.  Carter s preparing to take the experience, knowledge, and contacts his group built during the primary to campaign against Hillary Clinton and for Donald Trump and other Republicans in battleground states across the country.Bruce Carter and Black Men for Bernie are at war with the Democratic establishment, whom he says pander for votes but haven t delivered meaningful results to minority communities for decades. Carter became politically active to support Bernie Sanders, who taught him how the establishment s only real constituency was the donor class. When he paired that knowledge with what he knew about the decline in the black and minority neighborhoods he loves, he realized Democratic politicians and the media had been lying. Bernie inspired us to disrupt the status quo because it only works for the elites and not regular people who are struggling,  Carter told Breitbart News.  If black communities vote for Hillary Clinton and Democrats in November, nothing will change because Democrats will continue to believe they don t have to do anything to earn our votes. Carter became one of the most prominent and recognizable supporters of the Sanders campaign by traveling the country in a tour bus and fleet of vehicles wrapped with the Black Men for Bernie logo and a picture of Sanders being arrested during the civil rights movement. His online videos received millions of views and featured celebrities like Mark Ruffalo and ice cream makers Ben and Jerry.This guy knows what he s doing when it comes to rallying the troops to get behind his candidate. Watch Carter organizing supporters for Bernie before Hillary cheated him out of the chance to become the Democrat Party candidate:Carter told Breitbart News that his greatest awakening of how Democrats exploit minority voters came when he learned from the Washington Post that the Democratic Party spends less than 2 percent of its campaign resources with minority-owned companies, even though they get better than 90 percent of the black vote. It is a practice that Carter calls  political slavery. Now Black Men for Bernie are rebranding and again planning to tour the country with an emphasis on battleground states. Carter says he s going to organize black and minority communities to vote against Hillary Clinton and the Democratic establishment. Donald Trump is a business man and a real estate mogul who could provide knowledge and resources to transform urban communities through the development of minority-owned businesses,  Carter said.  With this tour, we re going to show Mr. Trump and Republicans that the black and minority communities are ready to work with anyone willing to work with us to build opportunities in businesses, employment, and housing. We don t want welfare, we need opportunity. Carter had a lot of ideas when asked about what Trump could do to help him win black votes away from the Democrats.  When Donald Trump tells black people, what do you have to lose by voting for me, he s getting close to a message that will work, but it s not quite there yet,  Carter explained: We re going to go back to these communities in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and across the country to lead people to the facts about the Clintons  and Democrats  failures with our struggling communities,  Carter said:For Carter and the Black Men for Bernie, they can t unlearn what they discovered about Hillary during the primary.  We know that Hillary Clinton is for Hillary Clinton and the rich donors of the Clinton Foundation,  Carter said.  We know that Bill and Hillary did major damage to our communities the last time they were in the White House. We know they will lie about their opponents by unfairly labeling them sexists and racists and radicals. Donald Trump isn t a typical politician and he isn t beholden to the same old political powers,  Carter continued.  We want to earn our seat at the table in his administration and I think he and the Republicans are smart enough to realize that when we deliver them a historic number of minority votes, they better do a better job than the Democrats have done or they re never going to get an opportunity like this again. For entire story: Breitbart News",politics,"Aug 27, 2016",0
"LIBERTARIAN Gary Johnson ENDORSES Black Lives Matter, Anti-Cop Terror Group [VIDEO]","Johnson calls Obama s manufactured race war/war on cops a  national emergency Watch below as Johnson exposes his left-winger leanings while attempting to pick up disenfranchised Cruz and Sanders voters If there was any doubt, Gov. Gary Johnson is working harder at winning over former Bernie Sanders supporters than Ron and Rand Paul supporters. For whatever reason, he s taken on several left-wing positions from bashing religious freedom to now supporting Black Lives Matter. At the CNN Libertarian Party Town Hall on Wednesday, Johnson praised the efforts of Black Lives Matter and endorsed the organization.https://youtu.be/y9bwi91j99USpeaking to a Black Lives Matter protestor and registered Democrat who was shot in the leg during a march, Johnson said,  What it has done for me is that my head has been in the sand on this,  Johnson said.  I think that we ve all had our heads in the sand and lets wake up. Discrimination does exist, has existed, and for me personally, um, slap, slap, wake up.  The Libertarian Vice Presidential nominee Bill Weld focused less on the Black Lives Matter movement and more on the stats of black youth unemployment, calling it a national emergency.Via: Red Alert Politics",politics,"Aug 8, 2016",0
"OUCH! Leftist Hollywood Just Got Schooled By One Of Their Own…Actor Writes Scathing Letter, Suggests Hollywood Invites Un-vetted Refugees, Illegal Alien Criminals To Oscar Ceremony, Parties",Here is actor Robert John Davi s brilliant letter that exposes the utter hypocrisy of the left:,left-news,"Feb 16, 2017",0
"Turkey says U.S. isolated on Jerusalem, issuing threats","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Wednesday the United States has isolated itself by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital and accused it of threatening countries that might vote against it on the matter at an emergency U.N. General Assembly session. Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, whose country has led Muslim opposition to Washington s stance on Jerusalem, was speaking before leaving Istanbul with the Palestinian foreign minister to attend Thursday s gathering in New York.  With his Dec. 6 decision, President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy, and upset an international consensus enshrined in U.N. resolutions, that treated Jerusalem s status as unresolved. Israel captured East Jerusalem in a 1967 war and Palestinians want it as the capital of a future state they seek.  Trump s move stirred outrage among Palestinians and in the Arab world, and concern among Washington s Western allies. On Monday, the United States vetoed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution calling on it to withdraw its declaration. Thel 14 other council members, including close U.S. allies such as Japan and four European Union countries, backed the draft.  On Thursday there ll be a vote criticizing our choice,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Twitter.  The U.S. will be taking names.   Cavusoglu said that was a threat, and called on Washington - a NATO ally of Turkey - to change course.  We expect strong support at the UN vote, but we see that the United States, which was left alone, is now resorting to threats. No honorable, dignified country would bow down to this pressure,  Cavusoglu told a news conference held together with his Palestinian counterpart Riyad al-Maliki.   We want America to turn back from this wrong and unacceptable decision,  Cavusoglu said earlier in the Azeri capital Baku, where he met Iranian and Azeri ministers.  God willing, we will push through the General Assembly a resolution in favor of Palestine and Jerusalem,  he said. The rare emergency session of the 193-member U.N. General Assembly was called at the request of Arab and Muslim states. Palestinian U.N. envoy Riyad Mansour has said the General Assembly would vote on a draft resolution calling for the U.S. declaration to be withdrawn. Such a vote is non-binding, but carries political weight.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has lambasted Trump s move, and hosted a summit of Muslim leaders last week which called for East Jerusalem to be recognized as the capital of Palestine. Israel calls Jerusalem its indivisible and eternal capital.  From now on we will be more active in defending the rights of Palestinians. We will work harder for the international recognition of an independent Palestinian state,  Cavusoglu told reporters in Baku. ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
EP #7: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Shawn Helton – ‘Top Conspiracies of 2016’," Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 7 Top Conspiracies of 2016  Another year and another slew of incredible stories globally. The Orlando Nightclub Mass Shooting, the Dallas Cop Shooting, the Turkish Coup, the White Helmets, the Podesta Emails and the  fake news  crisis, and so many more. Which ones will be remembered as the biggest conspiracies of 2016?All this and more, as host Patrick Henningsen in joined by special guest Shawn Helton, investigative journalist and Associate Editor at 21stCenturyWire.com. Listen  END 1158 Download Link Download this podcast  END 1364 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESREAD MORE CONSPIRACY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Conspiracy FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"December 29, 2016",0
"Long a rival, Ted Cruz endorses Trump in U.S. presidential race","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In an abrupt shift, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Friday, saying he is the only candidate who can stop Democrat Hillary Clinton from winning the White House on Nov. 8. “A year ago, I pledged to endorse the Republican nominee, and I am honoring that commitment. And if you don’t want to see a Hillary Clinton presidency, I encourage you to vote for him,” the former Republican presidential candidate said in a lengthy statement. Cruz, a senator from Texas who is a favorite of the conservative Tea Party movement, was one of Trump’s last challengers for the Republican presidential nomination to drop out of the race. When Cruz addressed the Republican National Convention in July in Cleveland, where Trump accepted the nomination, he declined to endorse Trump and was essentially booed off stage by the New York businessman’s supporters. During the heated primary battle, Trump had insulted Cruz’s wife, Heidi, for her physical appearance. His wild suggestion that the senator’s father was linked to President John F. Kennedy’s assassin prompted Cruz to denounce Trump as a “pathological liar.” In July, Trump said, “I don’t want his endorsement.” On Friday he said he was greatly honored to have Cruz backing him. “We have fought the battle and he was a tough and brilliant opponent. I look forward to working with him for many years to come in order to make America great again,” Trump said. Cruz cited the possibility of Democrats taking control of the U.S. Supreme Court as a major reason why he decided to drop his opposition to Trump. Trump earlier in the day released the names of 21 prominent conservatives and said he would pick from this list in nominating a replacement for conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February. The Senate has refused to take any action on President Barack Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland, chief judge of the federal appeals court in Washington, to fill the vacancy. One of the names on Trump’s list was that of U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, a key ally of Cruz. Cruz said that for some time he had been seeking greater specificity on Trump’s views toward filling the opening on the court, which is currently deadlocked between four right-leaning and four left-leaning jurists. He said Trump’s list “provides a serious reason for voters to choose to support Trump” and that Lee “would make an extraordinary justice.” Cruz noted his qualms about Trump, saying, “I have struggled to determine the right course of action in this general election.” But in the end, he decided, Trump “is the only thing standing in the way” of a Clinton presidency that he said would be devastating to the United States. ",politicsNews,"September 23, 2016 ",1
U.S. senators reach deal on Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators reached an agreement on Monday on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia, including a provision that would prevent the White House from easing, suspending or ending sanctions without congressional approval. The agreement, to be filed as an amendment to an Iran sanctions bill, is intended to punish Russia over issues including its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for the government of Syria in that country’s six-year-long civil war. [L1N1J41LS] The Iran bill is due come up for a vote as soon as this week. Besides the provision setting up a process for Congress to review changes in sanctions, the measure would put into law sanctions previously established via presidential executive order, including some on certain Russian energy projects and debt financing in some industries. It would impose new sanctions on Russians found to be guilty of human rights abuses, supplying weapons to Syria’s government and conduct cyber attacks on behalf of Russia’s government, among others. The measure also would allow new sanctions on Russian mining, metals, shipping and railways. The legislation is backed by both Republicans and Democrats, and is expected to easily pass the Senate. It was introduced amid an intense focus in the U.S. capital on relations with Russia, and investigations by the Department of Justice and congressional committees of whether Russia sought to influence the 2016 U.S. elections to help elect Republican President Donald Trump, and whether Trump associates colluded with Moscow as it sought to influence the election.  To become law, the legislation would have to pass the House of Representatives and be signed into law by Trump. If Trump objected, some of its backers said they expected enough congressional support to override a veto. “These additional sanctions will ... send a powerful and bipartisan statement to Russia and any other country who might try to interfere in our elections that they will be punished,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement. Russia has denied attempting to interfere in the U.S election, and Trump has dismissed any talk of collusion. The measure also authorizes “robust assistance” to strengthen democratic institutions and counter disinformation in European countries that might be targeted by what the legislation’s sponsors described as Russian aggression. In December, the final full month of President Barack Obama’s administration, Washington sanctioned Russian businessmen and companies for Moscow’s role in Ukraine via executive order.   ",politicsNews,"June 13, 2017 ",1
CNN PANEL ROARS WITH LAUGHTER At Tim Kaine’s Lame Defense Of Clinton Not Holding A Press Conference [Video], ,left-news,"Sep 4, 2016",0
Turkey and Russia agrees to focus on political solution in Syria,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey and Russia have agreed to focus on a political solution in Syria, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday. Erdogan said he was glad Turkey had started to send agricultural goods to Russia but wanted the last restrictions on bilateral trade lifted. He was speaking after a meeting with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin in the southern Russian city of Sochi. ",worldnews,"November 13, 2017 ",1
" House GOP Holds Zika Bill Hostage, Proposes Plan To Slash Birth Control Funding","Pregnant women throughout the America s are threatened by the Zika virus, but House Republicans couldn t care less and are still holding the bill that would fight the epidemic hostage. The GOP released their latest funding proposal on Wednesday and the plan proposes cuts to the federal grant that helps low-income women access birth control and other family planning services.The Title X Family Planning program, which was established more than 45 years ago, provides reproductive healthcare services to 4.1 million patients each year, preventing approximately 1 million unplanned pregnancies. So naturally, conservatives are hell bent on eliminating Title X.The Huffington Post reports:  The House Appropriations Committee proposed cutting the program in its draft Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies funding bill for fiscal year 2017. This is the fifth time Republicans have attempted to scrap Title X. Under the GOP proposal, $108 million would be cut from programs that focus on preventing teen pregnancies.The funding bill does allocate $390 million for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to fight the Zika virus, but women s health advocates warn that the middle of a Zika outbreak is not the time to cut funding for contraception. Zika can be transmitted both through mosquitos and sexually. Women who become infected with the virus while pregnant can have babies born with severe birth defects, including microcephaly. Babies born with microcephaly have malformed brains and abnormally small heads, and they face a lifetime of challenges.Clare Coleman, president of the National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association, said that cutting funding smack dab in the middle of the Zika outbreak would be  particularly foolish. It is particularly foolish to target Title X at a time when the nation is at the precipice of a public health emergency resulting from the Zika virus. For the House to propose defunding the very provider network that is being called upon to address and control the risk to women who may be seeking to prevent pregnancy is absurd.Republicans in Congress have such a dislike for Title X because some of its funding goes to Planned Parenthood, which provides abortions among its range of services. None of that money pays for abortions, however, and federal law already prevents these grants from being used to fund abortions.According to a statement released by House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), the goal of the funding bill is to reduc[e] discretionary spending by more than half a billion dollars, all the while prioritizing funding where it is needed the most. It follows the responsible lead of the legislation before it   investing in proven, effective programs, rolling back over regulation and overreach by the Administration that kills American jobs, and cutting spending to save hard earned taxpayer dollars.Last month, the House passed a funding proposal for Zika that also limits access to contraception. This completely ignores the request by the CDC for money to distribute birth control and condoms in areas stricken by Zika.Dana Singiser, a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood, called the bill  shameful. Politicians who want to eliminate these vital services are working against a solution, and are part of the problem. Today s budget bill is shameful and exposes the Republican leadership s targeted agenda against family planning providers like Planned Parenthood, despite their absolutely critical role in limiting the damaging effects of Zika virus and continuing to provide access to reproductive health services for those most in need.Since last year, 24 states have tried to defund Planned Parenthood. Many of the states that are expected to be hardest hit by Zika as temperatures rise and mosquitos flourish are also states where  lawmakers have slashed family planning services, chipped away at safe and legal abortion and declined to expand Medicaid coverage. Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",News,"July 7, 2016",0
ONE BRUTAL IMAGE Perfectly Captures The Truth About Hillary’s Plans To “Donate” Weinstein’s Campaign Contributions,"A spokesperson for the Clinton Foundation claims the group will not return Weinstein s donations, which totaled between $100,000 and $250,000.Because oops! The Clinton Foundation has already spent the money. But don t worry, Harvey s dirty money went to very good causes supporting women and children. And we all know how much Bill loves to take care of women This image by cartoonist Antonio F. Branco, perfectly illustrates just how generous the Clinton s are with their charitable donations.The spokesman said the foundation already spent the money on its programs, such as lowering the cost of HIV medication and supporting women and girls in developing countries.The foundation said it supports commitments to combat human trafficking, and runs the No Ceilings Project  which aims to advance the full participation of girls and women around the world  through  data-driven analysis on gender inequality, an in-depth conversation series, innovative partnerships, and CGI commitments. The explanation comes after foundation board member Chelsea Clinton ducked questions about Weinstein s money from a DailyMail.com reporter while attending a Clinton Global Initiative University event at Northeastern University in Boston on Saturday.The former first daughter hustled out a side door after the event, evading a reporter as she rushed to her car surrounded by aides and security.The Clinton Foundation and a spokesperson for Hillary Clinton had previously declined to comment on the Weinstein matter.Organizations have been divided on whether to return money to Weinstein, who gave to numerous political and philanthropic causes over the years.  Daily Mail",politics,"Oct 16, 2017",0
JUST IN: “Pit Bull” Attorney For Special Counsel Robert Mueller Attended Hillary’s Election Night Party,"Is there a single person left on Robert Mueller s  Trump-Russian collusion  team who isn t in bed with Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton?An attorney for special counsel Robert Mueller attended Hillary Clinton s election night party in New York City, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday.Andrew Weissmann s attendance at the party is one of many signs pointing to a troubling bias from the attorney. Weissmann has been described by The New York Times as Mueller s  lieutenant  and  pit bull. Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch obtained an email Tuesday that revealed Weissmann praised former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates  defiance of Trump. I am so proud. And in awe. Thank you so much. All my deepest respects,  Weissmann wrote to Yates on Jan. 30. The email followed Yates  instruction to the DOJ not to defend an executive order banning immigration from seven nations, an act that led to her dismissal by President Trump.Weissmann is one of several Democratic donors that have been hired by Mueller, a registered Republican. The special counsel s  pit bull  donated a combined $6,600 to the presidential campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.The special counsel s probe has been criticized by Trump s allies, but the White House maintains Trump has no intention to fire Mueller.  Daily Caller ",left-news,"Dec 8, 2017",0
 Bill Maher’s #DebateNight Live Tweetstorm Was The Most Glorious Trump Takedown EVER,"It s no secret that Bill Maher, comedian extraordinaire and host of HBO s Real Time, is no fan of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. So, of course he couldn t resist live tweeting the entire first general election presidential debate between Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. The whole thing was one brilliant insult against Trump after another. Here are a few of the better tweets:GOP won expectations game when it nominated an orangutan. As long as he doesn't fling his poop, ""Surprisingly dignified Trump last night""  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Want to see Hillary come out and say ""The Russians just handed me your tax returns"" just to see if Trump bolts  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump adjusting his Spanx right now, and one final pass with the can of Final Net  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump proud of himself that he called her ""Secretary Clinton""   as opposed to what, Bitchula?  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump. Wearing a tie made in China, just sayin'  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016OK,I hope she's playing rope-a-dope, and I do mean dope, because I'm getting tired of this vile nincompoop bullying and lieing and its early  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump: ""Being in Iraq was a disaster, but we shld take the oil""WE WLD HAVE TO BE BACK IN IRAQ TO TAKE THE OIL! They won't give it to a drone  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016btw, you know a charge agst Trump is 100% provably true when he interrupts with ""Wrong!"" #debates  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016And, of course, for his closers, Maher had to do what he s been doing on his show ever since it became clear who the nominees would be, and hit those who refuse to vote for Hillary:However this comes out, I have so little respect for the electorate just that its this close. She's right, she shld be 50 points ahead.  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016But he definitely saved his best line for last, as he called Trump his favorite phrase:Negative ads in a political race are ""not nice?"" There's no crying in politics, you #WhinyLittleBitch!  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Let s face it, no matter how Trump s surrogates try to spin this   and they are already out in force doing their damndest   he lost this thing tonight, badly. He made an absolute fool of himself. There s just no way around it. Of course, his uneducated core supporters will still vote for him, but there s no way this one got the undecided voters into Trump s corner. The one thing tonight did do, though, is give us plenty of entertainment.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",News,"September 27, 2016",0
Treasury chief says 'debt ceiling will be raised',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday the nation’s debt ceiling will be raised in September and that after talks with congressional leaders from both parties everyone is “on the same page.” “My strong preference is that we have a clean debt ceiling (increase), but the most important issue is the debt ceiling will be raised in September,” Mnuchin told reporters at the White House, indicating an interest in legislation that did not stray into unrelated territory. “I have had discussions with the leaders in both parties in the House and Senate and we are all on the same page,” he added. “The government intends to pay its debts and the debt ceiling will be raised.” ",politicsNews,"August 25, 2017 ",1
"Bernie Sanders action toy slouches, points and raises lots of cash ","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Orders for a Bernie Sanders action figure, complete with the U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful’s signature slouch, open mouth and accusatory pointed finger, were flooding in from fans on Thursday, months ahead of the toy’s delivery date in July. Brooklyn product design company FCTRY created a prototype for the 6-inch (15-cm) tall plastic version of the Vermont senator and started a Kickstarter campaign with a goal of raising $15,000 to fund production. Within 24 hours of the campaign’s debut on Wednesday, FCTRY  had raised about $40,000 from fans snapping up various deals, including a sold-out $20 offer for a single Bernie Sanders action figure called “The Early Bern Special #1.” The company has also sold 20,000 Hillary Clinton action figures depicting the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential hopeful in a sky blue pant suit. It previously sold 200,000 President Barack Obama action figures, said FCTRY Chief Executive Jason Feinberg. “If you buy one of our action figures, whether it’s Hillary or now Bernie, we’ll donate $1 from that sale online to their actual campaign,” Feinberg said. “The idea is to have a way where regular people can sort of easily participate in campaign donations through a small business.” A prototype of the Bernie Sanders action figure was created by Seattle pop-artist Mike Leavitt and will be mass produced overseas, Feinberg said. The figures are expected to be ready in July, the same month as the 2016 Democratic National Convention, when Clinton and Sanders face off as the party chooses its nominee for U.S. president and vice president for the November national election. The company has no plans to turn New York real estate developer Donald Trump, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida or any of the other Republican White House contenders into toys. “In 2008, we were sort of compelled to make a (Senator John) McCain and it’s something I’ve always regretted so there were no Republicans this time,” Feinberg said.  Among the pre-order deals available online is “The Full Ticket,” which includes a single Bernie Sanders action figure plus a single Hillary Clinton action figure. “We’re just sayin. Crazier things have happened,” the Kickstarter site notes. A Sanders spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. (This version of the story was refiled to add dropped letter to company name, FCTRY, in paragraph three.) ",politicsNews,"February 25, 2016 ",1
 The Strange Reason Donald Trump’s Skin Has Gone From Normal To Orange,"Generally, it s considered rather unprofessional to comment on someone s looks rather than their actions or words, but it s hard not to notice one very strange and unusual occurrence. Throughout the decades, Donald Trump skin pallor has turned from the normal white guy shade of beige to a color which is best represented by a pumpkin.Now, the rings around his eyes pretty much prove that Trump either spends time in tanning beds or he is a fan of fake spray tans, either of which would involve tiny goggles. Well, according to a Mother Jones expose, it could be either, but that s not the news. The news is why Trump seems to be such a fan of fake tans and it gives you a glimpse into the type of cronyism we could expect if Trump were to become president.Trump is good friends with an Indiana businessman named Steve Hilbert. In 2006, Hilbert became the CEO of New Sunshine, a company that makes tanning beds, spray tanning booths, tanning lotions, and bronzers.Trump and Hilbert have a lot in common. They are the same age. They are both rich. They both change wives about as often as Trump supporters change underwear (sorry) and they both have hideous, garish taste in decorating. Hilbert, when he was an insurance CEO, was one of the country s highest paid and he even helicoptered to work   a whole two miles.The businessman reportedly met his sixth and current wife in the early 1990s, when she jumped topless out of a cake at a party for one of his stepsons. The cake story may be apocryphal, but Tomisue Hilbert, who is the same age as Melania, was indeed a 23-year-old topless dancer and a single mother when she married Steve.The Hilberts once lived in a three-story, 23,000 square-foot faux-French mansion dubbed Le Chateau Renaissance, which was located on a 33-acre compound outside Indianapolis that included a 15,000-square-foot  sports barn  with a full-size reproduction of the Indiana University basketball court. The mansion, once valued at $25 million, featured Trumpesque gold-plated bathroom fixtures and French crystal chandeliers. Hand-painted murals adorned a dome above the entryway, including one depicting a toga-clad Steve Hilbert as an ancient deity.The men had been friends for nearly 20 years when they entered into a business deal together. They bought the General Motors Building in Manhattan for $800 million. Hilbert put up far more money than Trump did ($200 million vs. $11 million plus there was a third partner) but somehow, Trump received a 50 percent interest in the building. He also put his name on the building.The two men, along with their wives du jour, also socialize together. They stay in each other s vacation homes. They attend each other s multiple weddings.After a disastrous departure from his company, Conseco, Hilbert started the tanning business. While Mother Jones doesn t know for sure that Trump uses his products, they do say this:This is also around the time that Trump started to turn orange. Did the Hilberts get Trump into tanning? Does he use New Sunshine spray tans or tanning bed bronzers? (Reviewers have suggested that turning orange a  rich shade of burnt orange,  in the words of one can be a distinct side effect of using such products.) The Trump campaign did not respond to questions about whether Trump used New Sunshine tanning products. Questions sent by email and FedEx to Hilbert s Indiana home went unanswered. It s clear, though, that Trump is familiar with New Sunshine s wares. He promoted the company s tanning products on The Celebrity Apprentice in two episodes.There s more to the story, which includes some pretty shady business deals, but at least we might now know why Trump is that awful shade of orange.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",News,"November 4, 2016",0
Cuba tells U.S. suspension of visas is hurting families," (Corrects paragraph 7 to show Trump issued a warning on travel to Cuba, not a ban on travel to Cuba) HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba told senior U.S. officials during talks on migration in Havana on Monday that the U.S. decision to suspend visa processing at its embassy on the island was “seriously hampering” family relations and other people exchanges. Relations between the former Cold War foes became strained after Donald Trump became the U.S. President, partially reversing the thaw seen during Barack Obama’s presidency.  In September, after allegations of incidents affecting the health of its diplomats in Havana, the U.S. administration reduced its embassy to a skeleton staff, resulting in the suspension of almost all visa processing. “The Cuban delegation expressed deep concern over the negative impact that the unilateral, unfounded and politically motivated decisions adopted by the U.S. government ... have on migration relations between both countries,” the Cuban foreign ministry said in a statement. The statement was issued after delegations led by Cuba’s Foreign Ministry chief for U.S. Affairs Josefina Vidal and U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs John Creamer met to discuss migration issues. Many Cubans said they were heartbroken because they could not visit, or be with, their loved ones. While Cuba has a population of 11.2 million people, there are an estimated 2 million Cuban Americans in the United States.    The Trump administration also issued a warning on travel to Cuba and in October expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from Washington.  The Cuban foreign ministry said this had “seriously affected the functioning of the diplomatic mission, particularly the Consulate and the services it offers to Cubans residing in the United States”. The U.S. decision to cancel the visits of official  delegations to Cuba was also having a “counterproductive effect” on cooperation in fields like migration, the ministry said. On the positive side, both the U.S. and Cuban delegations commented on the drop in illegal Cuban migration to the United States during the talks as a result of past moves towards normalizing relations. Obama, who announced the detente with Cuba nearly three years ago, eliminated a policy granting automatic residency to virtually all Cubans who arrived on U.S. turf in January, just before leaving office. Cuba had asked for the change for years, saying that policy encouraged dangerous journeys and people trafficking. “Apprehensions of Cuban migrants at U.S. ports of entry decreased by 64 percent from fiscal year 2016 to 2017, and maritime interdictions of Cuban migrants decreased by 71 percent,” the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Trump said in June he was canceling Obama’s “terrible and misguided deal” with Havana, returning to Cold War rhetoric, and his administration has tightened trade and travel restrictions. He has however in practise left in place many of Obama’s changes including restored diplomatic relations and resumed direct U.S.-Cuba commercial flights and cruise-ship travel. ",politicsNews,"December 12, 2017 ",1
 Harvard Law Professor Calls For Electoral College To Dump Trump,"Donald Trump is a threat to the continuing survival of our nation and democracy. And the only thing that can stop him is the Electoral College.That s why Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig is openly calling upon the Electoral College to save us from this abomination that has made a mockery of our Constitution without even setting one foot inside the White House yet.Most Americans would agree that the Electoral College is an outdated part of our election that should be removed. But in this instance, it the last hope America has to keep Trump and his racist minions from destroying our country.In an op-ed for the Washington Post, Lessig points out that the Founding Fathers adopted the Electoral College as an additional check on our elections to make sure that demagogues and con artists like Donald Trump don t get to be president.Hillary Clinton currently has more than a 2 million vote lead over Trump in the popular vote, which means the will of the American people has been trampled by an electoral system that Republicans may very well have rigged this year, which is why Jill Stein has raised enough money to trigger a recount in three battleground states.On December 19th, the electors will meet to cast their votes for president and vice-president. And when they do, they have a chance to put the rightful winner of the 2016 Election in the White House.According to Lessig, the Electoral College  is not meant to deny a reasonable judgment by the people. It is meant to be a circuit breaker   just in case the people go crazy. In this election, the people did not go crazy. The winner, by far, of the popular vote is the most qualified candidate for president in more than a generation. Like her or not, no elector could have a good-faith reason to vote against her because of her qualifications. Choosing her is thus plainly within the bounds of a reasonable judgment by the people. The framers left the electors free to choose. They should exercise that choice by leaving the election as the people decided it: in Clinton s favor.In short, electors need to do the right and moral thing and vote for Hillary Clinton, even if it means being fined for voting their conscience.Over 4 million Americans have already signed a petition asking the Electoral College to vote for Clinton. Fell free to sign it by clicking here.These electors have a responsibility to keep our country from burning down to the ground. Trump has already proven that he isn t taking the presidency seriously and that he intends put our government into the hands of people who want to destroy it.Lessig is right to ask the electors to switch their votes to Clinton and the rest of us need to ask them to do it, too. We need to support them and tell them we have their back. Sure, conservatives will bitch about it. But at this point, who really gives a shit about them anyway? They voted for a tyrant, therefore, their opinions no longer matter.Featured Image: Zach Gibson/Getty Images",News,"November 25, 2016",0
PRIVACY ALERT: YOUR VACUUM CLEANER IS SPYING ON YOU…No Consent Required to Share Your Data,"A fly on the wall? More like a spy on the floor of your home. It turns out that your dog isn t the only one who should be weary of your Roomba. This popular home cleaning device has been mapping homes using a camera and sensors since 2015 in order to maximize efficiency. However, they plan to sell this data to smart home device manufacturers such as Google, Amazon and Apple, the company said Tuesday.While it may seem like the information being gathered is minimal and harmless, there is a lot to be said for the maps each device is collecting. It knows the floor plan of your home, the basic shape of everything on your floor, what areas require the most maintenance, and how often you require cleaning cycles, along with many other data points.If this doesn t make you suspicious, it probably should. This is all part of the larger mission for major companies to glean every bit of data about you that they can. Now, they want to know all about your living space. iRobot CEO Colin Angle stated that user data won t be sold without permission and he thinks most people will want to take advantage of the greater functionality.In actuality, their terms of agreement allow the company enough freedom to share your data internally, with subsidiaries, third party vendors, and the government upon request. A section within their terms of agreement specifically states that they may  share your personal information with other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares In summary, they do not need your consent if iRobot wanted to sell its user data in bulk. Unless you want the details about your home and family in the hands of third parties without your knowledge, think twice next time you are shopping for a new cleaning device.Read more: New York Post, Gizmodo",Government News,"Jul 26, 2017",0
"DESPERATE TO STOP THE FLOW OF MUSLIM REFUGEES INTO SWEDEN, Swedish Citizens Devise A Controversial Scheme","The liberals find this plan to be disgusting until their neighborhoods become the next victim of violent muslim immigrant gangs of course Anti-immigration campaigners in Gullberg in southern Sweden are plotting to build a pig farm next to an asylum centre in a last-ditch effort to deter would-be Muslim immigrants, who might find the animals offensive.More illegal immigrants on the run in Sweden (03 May 15) Swedish Syrian warms hearts over phone return (08 Apr 15)  It was a long journey and some of my friends died  (30 Mar 15)Plans for a new immigration centre in Gullberg have already been strongly opposed by local residents and on Wednesday it was reported that a group of campaigners had sent a letter to the Swedish Migration Board (Migrationsverket) pledging to breed pigs nearby in order to deter Muslims from seeking asylum in the town.The note, signed by what described itself as the  interest group for Gullberg s survival  said that it was trying to create a  probably impossible situation for some religious people, especially Muslims , according to Sveriges Radio.Local politician Henry Sandahl from Sweden s Countryside Party (Markbygdspartiet) told the broadcaster that he agreed with the sentiment of the letter. You know that Muslims are not friends with pigs,  he said.But Swedish religious experts have been quick to criticize the campaigners. This is nonsense and shows just how very little they know about Islam,  said  ke Sander, Professor of Psychology at the University of Gothenburg. It is one thing when Muslims try to stay away from pork, alcohol or gambling but there is nothing [in the Koran] that says you cannot be near pigs. This is a last-ditch effort when they [the campaigners] have no arguments left,  he told the TT news agency.Others turned to social media to voice their disgust at the campaign.Carl G ransson, a lawyer and former Moderate party politician suggested on Twitter that building  a gigantic rubbish dump  next to the asylum centre instead, designed to blow smelly winds in the direction of the angry residents. Monstrous  and a  total fail , wrote Johan Arenius, a political press secretary for the Christian Democrat party based in  rebro in central Sweden.Sweden became the first European country in 2013 to grant automatic residency to Syrian refugees and has since seen asylum requests rise to record levels, which are still expected to reach about 90,000 in 2015.To cope with an increasing flow of refugees, the Swedish Migration Board announced in March that it was more than tripling the maximum number of residents allowed at asylum centres from 200 to 650.Via: The Local seh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",politics,"May 8, 2015",0
Trump: Being friends with North Korea's Kim is possible,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday that it was possible he could be friends with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un one day and that it would be “very, very nice” but he was not sure that it would happen. Asked at a news conference in Vietnam if he could see himself being friends with Kim, Trump said: “That might be a strange thing to happen but it’s a possibility.  “If it did happen it could be a good thing I can tell you for North Korea, but it could also be good for a lot of other places and be good for the rest the world,” Trump said.  “It could be something that could happen. I don’t know if it will but it would be very, very nice.” ",politicsNews,"November 12, 2017 ",1
 Here’s The One Thing That Scares Trump And His Racist Followers (VIDEO),"We are all aware by now of Donald Trump s racist rhetoric. One young but very intelligent and articulate student understands how the media can at times sensationalize everything, so he decided to see for himself by attending a Trump rally. His findings were not surprising: Trump s followers are very racist. James Patterson, whose high school assignment was for him to volunteer at Trump s campaign as part of a student-based civics activity, perfectly analyzes the Trump phenomenon and he exemplifies what racists are afraid of: The baseline of his campaign is to make America white again. It speaks to fundamentalist Christian, white middle class Americans who feel like their power has been taken. Even though that s a false accusation, they feel like because minorities are making strides that they re losing power. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh8VGKqqunA]Patterson was also stunned to see just how many people actually support Donald Trump. He said: That s the scary part about the Trump campaign, they re everyday people, people we work with, people at schools, people who hold these resentments. As an African American, that s very scary  that I can talk to somebody and they can hate me because of my skin color. Patterson said that what concerned him the most was how nice people pretended to be to him, yet they were in favor of Trump s racist policies, policies that have come out against minority populations, specifically Muslims and Mexicans: They were very friendly, they were normal people but in the back of their mind, and openly, they were advocating for Trump s policies which are inherently exclusive for people who look like me. However, as he made his way through the crowd, Patterson said that the pretense of friendliness went away and he could feel the hostility: When I would bump into various members of the crowd, there were hostile looks when I would attempt to excuse myself. Many people in the crowd looked me up and down as I was walking. If I had to describe the feeling it would be that of isolation. This all reminded Patterson of what he s made to feel like as an African American in this country. The difference with Trump and his followers is that they normalize all this and make it fine.The most effective response to Trump and his racist army is for minorities to continue the march toward self-empowerment through education and activism. This young man is an excellent example and an effective counter punch to the racists. Featured image from Wikimedia Commons",News,"February 6, 2016",0
INSULTS FLY During Obama’s Town Hall In Laos…EXCEPT The Insults Were Directed At AMERICANS! [Video], ,politics,"Sep 8, 2016",0
Tax-cut debate in U.S. Congress swings to Senate bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate tax-cut bill, differing from one in the House of Representatives, was expected to be unveiled on Thursday, complicating a Republican tax overhaul push and increasing skepticism on Wall Street about the effort. As the House tax committee worked on its bill, members of the Senate weighed new approaches to corporate taxes, deductions for state and local taxes and the estate tax on inherited assets, senators said, providing few details. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, told reporters that senators would be briefed on the bill on Thursday before its release.  House and Senate Republicans are working on separate plans for the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax code since the 1980s. President Donald Trump and his House allies have proposed slashing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, one of the costliest features of the wide-ranging House plan. The tax overhaul is a priority for Trump, who says it will boost economic growth and create jobs. Republicans have yet to score a major legislative win since he took office in January, although they control Congress as well as the White House. Democrats have blasted the proposals in the Republican tax legislation as giveaways to large corporations and the rich. Senator Orrin Hatch, chairman of the tax-writing finance committee, told reporters he would prefer not to delay a corporate tax cut by a year, which some lawmakers said was a possibility. “I’d prefer to get it done,” he said. Financial markets have rallied since Trump’s stunning election victory in November 2016, partly on expectations that he and Congress would slash taxes on businesses. Stock markets closed little changed on Wednesday, with investors focused on chances for a tax bill becoming law. “I do think there’s disappointment with Republicans kicking the tax bill around. ... Some of the things leaking out are not encouraging,” said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. The latest version of the House bill would add $1.7 trillion to the federal deficit over 10 years, said the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which tallies the costs of legislation. That would violate a rule requiring the legislation to add no more than $1.5 trillion to the deficit. But Representative Kevin Brady, Republican chairman of the House tax committee, said he would revise the legislation on Thursday to bring it into compliance.  A report from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center think tank said the biggest tax cuts would go to high-income households under the current bill, which would raise taxes on more than one in four taxpayers by 2027 because of the expiration of certain benefits including a $300 family credit,  Top earners with incomes of more than $730,000 would get 21 percent of the benefits in 2018 and nearly 50 percent in a decade, the report said. The House bill would repeal a tax deduction Americans can now take for state and local income and sales taxes, but preserve it for business owners. It would cap the deduction for state and local property tax paid at $10,000.  Republican Senator David Perdue told reporters the Senate bill could repeal the entire state and local tax (SALT) deduction, a concern for people in heavily Democratic high-tax states such as California, New York and New Jersey.    Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York said victories for Democrats in state elections on Tuesday should be a warning to Republicans. “The Republicans should look at the elections last night, and it should be a giant stop sign for their tax bill,” Schumer said. There are enough Republicans from high-tax states in the House to torpedo the tax bill, given that Democrats broadly oppose it. Republicans, who have a slim 52-48 majority in the Senate, also may need support from Democrats to pass their version. The House and Senate must agree on a single version before it can be sent to the president. Republican Senator Susan Collins, whose vote is crucial, declined to say if the Senate bill would duplicate the House’s proposed estate tax repeal. But she told reporters: “It’s certainly true that I expressed reservations about having complete repeal.”   A Washington tax expert raised concern about a House provision to create a 25 percent tax rate for “pass-through” businesses, saying it would do little to help small business and be vulnerable to abuse. Pass-through businesses, which include mom-and-pop enterprises and large private companies, are not organized as publicly traded corporations. Profits are passed through to their owners as individual income and taxed at rates as high as 39.6 percent. Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center, said the new pass-through rate “would add great complexity” and “provide plenty of opportunity for clever investors and business owners ... to game the system.” In addition, a proposed 20 percent excise tax meant to discourage foreign companies from shifting U.S. profits offshore “appears dead,” said Chris Krueger, an analyst at financial firm Cowen’s Washington Research Group. The tax was amended by the House committee after complaints from multinational companies. “Now, the one real safeguard in the plan ... is all but gone,” said Clark Gascoigne, deputy director of the FACT Coalition, a liberal tax activist group in Washington. ",politicsNews,"November 8, 2017 ",1
Comey says Trump fired him to undermine FBI Russia investigation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey accused President Donald Trump on Thursday of firing him to try to undermine the agency’s investigation of possible collusion by Trump’s campaign with Russia’s alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. In the most eagerly anticipated U.S. congressional hearing in years, Comey told lawmakers the Trump administration had lied and defamed him and the Federal Bureau of Investigation after the president dismissed him on May 9.  During more than two hours of testimony, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee he believed Trump had directed him in February to drop an FBI probe into the Republican president’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, as part of the broader Russia investigation. Comey would not say whether he thought the president sought to obstruct justice, but added it would be up to special counsel Robert Mueller, who is now investigating the Russia allegations, “to sort that out.” “I don’t think it’s for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct. I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning,” Comey testified. Sitting alone at a small table facing a bank of senators who fired question after question, Comey gave short, deliberative answers. He painted a picture of an overbearing president he did not trust and who pressured him to stop the FBI probe of Flynn. Trump critics say any efforts by the president to hinder an FBI probe could amount to obstruction of justice. Such an offense potentially could lead to Trump being impeached, although his fellow Republicans who control Congress have shown little appetite for such a move. In a speech to supporters across town, Trump vowed to fight on. “We’re under siege ... but we will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever,” he said. Comey did not make any major disclosures about any links between Trump or his associates and Russia, an issue that has dogged the president’s first months in office and distracted from his policy goals such as overhauling the U.S. healthcare system and making tax cuts. Russia has denied such interference. The White House has denied any collusion with Moscow. Nevertheless, the Russia matter likely will continue to overshadow Trump’s presidency, especially as the FBI probe has ensnared not only Flynn but Trump’s son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has had to recuse himself from the investigation. Comey’s testimony drew renewed attention to Sessions and his relationship with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak.  After Trump fired Comey, the administration gave differing reasons for his dismissal. Trump later contradicted his own staff and acknowledged on May 11 he fired Comey because of the Russia matter. Asked why he thought Trump fired him, Comey said he did not know for sure. He added: “Again, I take the president’s words. I know I was fired because of something about the way I was conducting the Russia investigation was in some way putting pressure on him, in some way irritating him, and he decided to fire me because of that.” Comey said repeatedly there were details he could not discuss in a public session, making clear he had sensitive information he could disclose only in a closed session with the senators. Comey said Trump’s administration had defamed him in comments made after his firing by saying the FBI was in disarray and that the workforce had lost confidence in its leader. “Those were lies, plain and simple,” Comey said. His accusations could further mire Trump’s administration in legal difficulties. Mueller and several congressional committees are investigating what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded was an effort by Russia to help Trump win the election. “The Russian investigation is going to go on and it’s not going to stop and the president should have known that,” committee member Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein told MSNBC. Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said Comey’s testimony proved the president was not under any investigation and there was no evidence a single vote was changed as a result of Russian interference in last year’s election. Kasowitz denied Trump ever told Comey he needed and expected his loyalty, as Comey said. NBC News reported on Thursday that Kushner was expected to meet with staff members of the Senate Intelligence Committee in mid-June.   Comey said he felt he needed to get his account of his conversations with Trump in the public sphere in the hope it might prompt the appointment of a special counsel, which later occurred. Comey said he gave copies of his memo memorializing his talks with Trump to people outside the Justice Department and asked a friend to share its contents with a journalist. Columbia Law School professor Daniel Richman confirmed to Reuters he was the friend to whom Comey was referring. Kasowitz said that “we will leave it to the appropriate authorities” to determine whether Comey’s leak “should be investigated.” Legal experts questioned Kasowitz’s contention that Trump’s private encounters with Comey should be considered privileged communications.     Comey said he did not know if there were tapes of his conversations with Trump, but that if so, they should be released. “Lordy, I hope there are tapes,” Comey said. Republicans on the committee questioned Comey intently but did not attack his integrity or try to treat him roughly, as a witness making accusations against a sitting Republican president might expect. Comey testified he kept notes after meeting with Trump because “I was honestly concerned that he might lie about the nature of our meeting, and so I thought it really important to document.” From Capitol Hill to San Francisco’s Castro district, Comey’s appearance attracted television “watch parties” beckoning politics buffs to taverns, restaurants and living rooms to view an event some likened to the “Super Bowl of Washington.” U.S. stocks closed slightly higher as the market reacted little to Comey’s testimony, viewing his testimony alone as unlikely to mark the end of Trump’s presidency.  Comey said Trump did not attempt to get him to drop the overall Russia investigation, just the part of if that related to Flynn, whom the president fired in February for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the extent of his conversations last year with Kislyak. Republican Senator Marco Rubio asked Comey whether he perceived the president’s request to let the Flynn matter go as an order given Trump’s position as president, the setting and the circumstances surrounding the conversation.     “Yes,” Comey replied.     Laura Donohue, a Georgetown University Law Center professor, said if Trump fired Comey to change the course of the Russia investigation, that would constitute obstruction of justice. Both the conversation between Trump and Comey about Flynn and the firing itself were obstructive acts, she said. “He wanted to scuttle the investigation - it is hard to see it any other way,” she said.  Regarding Sessions, Comey said he did not discuss Trump’s pressure to drop the probe into Flynn with the attorney general because the FBI leadership team believed Sessions would later recuse himself from the Russia probe. “We were also aware of facts that I can’t discuss in an open setting that would make his continued engagement in a Russia-related investigation problematic,” Comey said, without giving more details. The Justice Department later issued a statement saying that Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe only because he had been part of Trump’s campaign. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said he did not believe Trump had committed a crime even if his personal style was often brash, adding: “I’ll just say it, if being crude, rude and a bull in a china shop was a crime, Trump would get the death penalty.” ",politicsNews,"June 8, 2017 ",1
"Factbox: Increase defense spending, lower individual tax rate. What a President Kasich would do","(Reuters) - Presidential candidate John Kasich, the governor of Ohio and a former congressman, has positioned himself as a conservative Republican who is nonetheless willing to listen to all sides in order to solve problems. Kasich is challenging outsiders Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner, and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who is known for antagonizing his party, as an alternative who can win the party’s support in the July convention ahead of the Nov. 8 election. These policies are drawn from his website, statements made at debates and interviews. Kasich has said it is “silly” to think the United States could round up more than 11 million undocumented immigrants and send them back to their home countries.  While he does not support a path to full citizenship for undocumented immigrants, Kasich believes the focus of immigration policies should be keeping families together and creating a path to a legal status for those already in the country who are working and have not committed violent crimes, including establishing a guest worker program.  Kasich does believe this should be underpinned by sealing U.S. borders and has said he would support building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. “I’m a free trader,” Kasich said in a January presidential debate, saying he supported both the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  He has supported granting the president authority to fast-track trade deals in the past. He has opposed withdrawing from the World Trade Organization. Kasich’s top priority is a balanced budget and he did a national “balanced budget tour” last year; his presidential campaign events often have a clock with numbers ticking upward, tracking the level of national debt.  Kasich has pledged to cut taxes for individuals and families and increase the Earned Income Tax Credit, along with eliminating the estate tax. Kasich would also like to lower taxes and create incentives for those who create jobs, including by lowering the top business tax rate to 25 percent from 35 percent.  Under Kasich’s tax plan, the highest individual tax rate would be lowered to 28 percent from 39.6 percent. He has said he would launch a “top-to-bottom review” of the Internal Revenue Service to eliminate inefficiencies.  Kasich wants to increase defense spending by $102 billion. He has called for a no-fly zone over Syria and a “combat coalition” to fight the Islamic State militant group.  He has said the Syrian refugee crisis is a fundamentally European problem, but the United States should play a role. He believes the United States should “pause” accepting Syrian refugees and that there should be stringent checks. ",politicsNews,"March 25, 2016 ",1
House intel panel chief says did not meet Trump during White House visit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said on Monday he did not meet with President Donald Trump or his aides when he viewed intelligence information on the White House grounds last week. Nunes, a Republican, also said he went to the White House grounds because the intelligence, which may have included surveillance of Trump or his associates, had not yet been provided to Congress. The day after Nunes viewed the intelligence, he briefed Trump on its contents and held a news conference. ",politicsNews,"March 27, 2017 ",1
California Senate confirms Democrat Becerra as attorney general,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - The California Senate on Monday confirmed U.S. Congressman Xavier Becerra as attorney general, positioning the majority-Democrat state to challenge conservative policies of new Republican President Donald Trump. Becerra, who represented Los Angeles for 24 years in Congress, was approved by a party line votes of 26 to 9, with Democrats heavily in favor and Republicans arguing that the state should give the new administration a chance rather than picking fights. He will replace former California Attorney General Kamala Harris, a Democrat who was elected to the U.S. Senate in November. “It’s a role to defend the progress and the values of the people of California,” Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon said of Becerra’s new job in an interview after the vote on Monday. “These are extraordinary times and require extraordinary actions.” Becerra, 58, was nominated for the position by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown shortly after Trump’s election. A Stanford-trained attorney who was first elected to Congress in 1993, Becerra is viewed as a reliable progressive with the savvy to navigate the halls of Congress as well as the nation’s courtrooms. “I couldn’t ask for a better job,” said Becerra, to be sworn in by Brown on Tuesday. “It is humbling and exciting to assume responsibility for vigorously advancing the forward-leaning values that make California unique among the many states.” Becerra learned through his long Congressional career to work both sides of the aisle, and he made sure to meet with legislative Republicans before his confirmation hearings began this month. But while the legislature’s minority GOP members made a point to say they liked and respected Becerra, most spoke against his nomination. “Instead of acting like we’re going to be defiant, I’d like to see us extending an olive branch” to the new administration, said state Senator John Moorlach, a Republican who represents part of Orange County south of Los Angeles. In addition to naming Becerra attorney general, the legislature also hired the law firm of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, an Obama appointee, to represent them in cases and negotiations involving the new administration and Republican-controlled Congress. ",politicsNews,"January 23, 2017 ",1
GOTCHA! CLINTON CHARITY “MISFILED” MILLIONS IN TAXES AND WILL REFILE TAX RETURNS,"What difference does it make? Well, it makes lots of difference to the IRS. The Clinton charities got called on the carpet for  misfiling  tax returns up to 5 years old. Oops!Hillary Clinton s family s charities are refiling at least five years of tax returns after an investigation revealed they had misreported tens of millions of dollars in donations from governments. The charities  errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue, the charities confirmed to Reuters, which uncovered the mistakes. Following the discovery, the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors. The foundation and its donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks. Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton, who is seeking the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, vulnerable to undue influence. Her campaign team calls these claims  absurd conspiracy theories . Following Reuters  report Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments.Read more: DAILY MAIL",politics,"Apr 23, 2015",0
Trump wins endorsement from controversial Arizona lawman Arpaio,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump won the endorsement on Tuesday of Joe Arpaio, the provocative Arizona sheriff known for his tough stance on illegal immigration. Arpaio joined the real estate billionaire in Marshalltown, Iowa, to voice his support before the Iowa caucuses on Monday, the Trump campaign said in a statement. The caucuses are the first contest in the nomination race for the Nov. 8 presidential election. “I have great respect for Sheriff Arpaio. We must restore law and order on the border and respect the men and women of our police forces. I thank him for his support of my policies and candidacy for president,” Trump said, according to the statement. “Donald Trump is a leader. He produces results and is ready to get tough in order to protect American jobs and families,” Arpaio was quoted as saying. “I have fought on the front lines to prevent illegal immigration. I know Donald Trump will stand with me and countless Americans to secure our border. I am proud to support him as the best candidate for president of the United States of America,” Arpaio added. Arpaio, 83, the sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, since 1993, has been found guilty of racial profiling in a federal court, and been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds and unlawful enforcement of immigration laws. He bills himself as “America’s toughest sheriff.”  (Reporting by Eric Walsh in Washington; Editing by Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",politicsNews,"January 26, 2016 ",1
Guatemalan prosecutors to probe parties over campaign financing,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s attorney general and a United Nations-backed anti-corruption body will investigate the nation s political parties on suspicion of illegal campaign financing during the 2015 presidential election campaign, the groups said on Thursday.  We have agreed with the attorney general to initiate an investigation into the electoral campaigns of all political parties in the 2015 cycle,  said Ivan Velasquez, head of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG). The CICIG has become a thorn in the side of Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales since it kicked off a graft probe focused on his elder brother and one of the president s sons. In 2015, the CICIG was instrumental in removing Morales  predecessor Otto Perez from office after identifying him as a key player in an alleged multimillion-dollar corruption racket. Perez is now in prison on trial with his former vice-president. Morales, a former comedian who won office in 2015 on a pledge to fight corruption, is scheduled to meet tomorrow with U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres in New York. Two government officials told Reuters on Wednesday Morales plans to ask Guterres to replace Velasquez, a Colombian whose tenure as CICIG chief is set to run out in 2019. A Guatemalan government spokesman declined to say whether Morales would seek Velasquez s removal, but did state that the president would discuss improving the CICIG with Guterres, and also propose a new model for combating crime. ",worldnews,"August 24, 2017 ",1
Tension in South Sudan capital after bid to disarm detained ex-army chief,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - South Sudan s government has sought to disarm the bodyguards of detained former army chief Paul Malong on fears he might escape and launch a rebellion, his wife said on Saturday, highlighting tensions within the leadership. Malong - the man who has led President Salva Kiir s campaign against rebels - has been under house arrest since May after Kiir sacked him following a string of military resignations by senior generals alleging abuses and ethnic bias. Malong had initially fled the capital Juba with a convoy of vehicles for his home state of Aweil following his dismissal - raising fears he might join opposition forces, before returning to the capital. On Saturday, his wife Lucy Ayak told Reuters security officials arrived at their home late on Friday with  specific orders  from Kiir.  They came carrying the order from the president and told General Malong that they had been ordered to disarm his bodyguards,  she said, adding that they also tried to take his phone and said his family members would not be allowed to visit.   The government is thinking that General Malong might take the country back to war. The tension is still high ... we do not know if they might come back and arrest him by force if he resists.  Residents in Juba told Reuters heavily-armed soldiers have blocked the main road leading to his house.  Media outlets from Juba also reported that a senior commander in the army who is allied with Malong has also defected with the aim of launching a rebellion. President Kiir s press secretary Ateny Wek Ateny declined to comment, saying the  issue was purely an army matter . South Sudan won independence from Sudan in 2011 but plunged into civil war in 2013 after Kiir fired his deputy Riek Machar. The conflict, largely fought along ethnic lines, has pitched parts of the oil-producing country into severe hunger, paralyzed public services and forced a quarter of the population - three million people - to flee their homes. ",worldnews,"November 4, 2017 ",1
"Syrian army, allies reach airbase besieged by Islamic State in eastern Syria: commander","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies reached an air base besieged for years by Islamic State militants on the outskirts of the eastern city of Deir al-Zor on Saturday, said a commander in the alliance fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad. Forces this week also broke the siege of a separate government-held enclave in the city in swift advances against the jihadists. ",worldnews,"September 9, 2017 ",1
Kurdish authorities say Iraq forces preparing fresh attack; Iraq denies,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces are preparing a fresh attack on Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) of northern Iraq said on Monday. A military spokesman in Baghdad denied that Iraqi forces were planning to resume an attack they began mid-October in retaliation for a September referendum on Kurdish independence. The Iraqi government put the offensive on hold at the end of October but the conflict with the KRG over land, oil resources and border control is still wide open. A statement from the KRG Security Council expressed  alarm  at the buildup of Iraqi forces in Makhmour, southwest of Erbil, the capital of the Kurdistan region. Baghdad demands the KRG cancel the result of the referendum, which delivered an overwhelming yes for independence, and to hand over control of land borders, airports and oil facilities of the Kurdistan region. The KRG has refused to cancel the referendum or to hand over the remaining oil facilities under its control, and is offering joint supervision of the land borders and airports. ",worldnews,"December 18, 2017 ",1
Rohingya widows find safe haven in Bangladesh camp,"COX S BAZAR (Reuters) - Dawn hues of pink and purple reveal a dusty valley in Bangladesh s southern hills quilted with a dense settlement of red tents home to more than 230 women and children grieving for lost husbands and fathers. They are among more than 625,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh since late August, following a crackdown by the Myanmar military in response to attacks on security forces by Rohingya militants.  Roshid Jan, who walked for 10 days with her five children to Bangladesh after soldiers burned their village, wept when she spoke about her missing husband. He was accused of being a member of the Rohingya militants and arrested with four other villagers 11 months ago, she said. She had not seen him or heard about his fate since then.  Aisha Begum, a 19-year-old widow, said her husband was killed by Myanmar soldiers as their band of refugees headed for Bangladesh.   I was sitting there by his body and just crying, crying, crying,  she said.   He was caught and killed with knives. I found his body by the road. It was in three pieces,  she cried, recounting the events that brought her to the camp.  (Click reut.rs/2BHPPax for a photo essay) Most Rohingya are stateless and seen as illegal immigrants by Buddhist-majority Myanmar.  The United Nations and United States have described the military s actions as ethnic cleansing, and rights groups have accused the security forces of atrocities, including rape, arson and killings. Myanmar s government has denied most of the claims, and the army has said its own probe found no evidence of wrongdoing by troops. There are 50 tents and no men in the camp for widows and orphans, the biggest of three sites built with donor funds from Muslim-majority Pakistan in the refugee settlement of Balukhali not far from Bangladesh s resort town of Cox s Bazar. Two makeshift kitchens provide space for cooking in small holes in the ground, a new well is being dug to supplement a water pump, and a big tent serves for prayers.  For those who can t pray, we have learning sessions on Monday and Friday in a special room,  said 20-year-old Suwa Leha, who serves as the camp s unofficial leader. Praying and reading the Muslim holy book, the Koran, was one of two conditions for admittance set by religious and group leaders, Suwa said. The other was that widows and orphans be selected from among the most vulnerable and needy. The camp is marooned amid ponds and streams of dirty water  left by the washing of clothes and dishes. Behind are thousands of dwellings in a vast refugee camp that sprang up during the crisis. Still, the women are relieved to have their own space.  For those with no protection, a camp like this is much safer,  said 22-year-old Rabiya Khatun, who lives there with her son.  No man can enter that easily. Also, the rooms are bigger and we have more chances of receiving some aid.  Women and girls number about 51 percent of the distressed and traumatized Rohingya population in the Cox s Bazar camps, the U.N. Women agency said in October.  Women and children are also at heightened risk of becoming victims of human trafficking, sexual abuse or child and forced marriage,  it added. Women and adolescent girls aged between 13 and 20 arriving from Myanmar typically had two to four children each, it said, with some of them pregnant. No relief agencies officially run the camp for the widows and orphans but aid groups and individuals help out. Rihana Begum lives with her five children in a room that is bare except for a few tomatoes, some religious books and clothes. On a thin mat lies her daughter, ill with fever, but fear of missing food handouts keeps them away from the doctor.    I m afraid to miss aid distribution. I can t afford to miss it,  she said on the day ration cards from the World Food Program were distributed in the camp. This week, Myanmar said it was finalizing terms for a joint working group with Bangladesh to launch the process of safe and voluntary return of the Rohingya refugees within two months. That may not be enough to allay Rihana Begum s fears.  I m so afraid that I will never go back to Myanmar,  she said.  I would rather die here.  ",worldnews,"December 7, 2017 ",1
WATCH TV NEWS CREW GO UNDERCOVER: “Homeless” Taking Credit Cards? Panhandlers Living In High Rent Neighborhoods?,"With homeless or needy people on just about every corner, how do we know who truly needs help, or who is just looking to game the system? This undercover expose on the explosion of  homeless  people on just about every corner in suburban Detroit shines a light on the  business  of panhandling. Should panhandling be protected by the First Amendment?Panhandlers standing on the corners has become an increasing issue. Men, women, old and young, all begging for your money.The problem has moved from the city to the suburbs, but why? And, should you give?It seems to have happened in recent months. Panhandlers, everywhere, including American s first highway, Woodward Avenue.They hold signs and pull at your heart strings. Some claim to be homeless, to have cancer, or be a veteran who is hungry. But, are we being conned?We spotted a young guy at the corner of Woodward Avenue and Maple on a recent Friday afternoon panhandling. Moments later, we watched as he folded up his sign and walked to a nearby parking lot where he got into a dark colored SUV.We spotted the same SUV on different occasions at a house in a nice neighborhood in West Bloomfield. When confronted, the young guy first closed the door without answering if he considered what he was doing fraud.Moments later, after being exposed, he came out, profanities flying   upset he was going to be on TV.To some, panhandling has become a job. Honest Abe  and his crew work the corner at 8 Mile and Woodward daily. He even accepts credit cards, but says he is truly homeless and panhandling frauds are becoming more frequent.The problem is growing. Corners that were once off limits are now prime real estate and a recent court ruling involving the Michigan Chapter of the ACLU allows it to happen. Court said conduct of asking for money in public is a form of free speech, it must be protected by the First Amendment.  Attorney Ryan Berman told 7 Action News.We discovered many panhandlers work in teams, sharing signs and corners. Some use your money to buy food, others trade the cash for drugs, booze or cigarettes.Elizabeth Kelly with Hope Shelter in Pontiac says if you want to really help, there are other ways to give. If you really want your donation to do the most good, the very best thing is to give it to an agency that is going to move them forward.  Via: WXYZ ",left-news,"Feb 6, 2016",0
Tracking the U.S. economy under Trump in seven charts," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has set many specific and general goals for his administration’s management of the economy, like raising growth to 3 percent and eliminating the country’s trade deficit.  The charts below show how key indicators performed during former President Barack Obama’s second term and how they are performing since Trump took office in January.  ",politicsNews,"October 5, 2017 ",1
 Rachel Maddow Obtains Document That Means VERY BAD News For Trump’s Muslim Ban,"Ever since the courts blocked Donald Trump s ridiculous Muslim ban, the White House has been saying that they will fight it all the way, that the ban would be back in short order. However, the Trump Administration keeps putting it off. Now, it seems that the ban may not happen at all.The Rachel Maddow Show has obtained a document from the Department of Homeland Security that essentially says that the travel ban based upon nationality has absolutely nothing to do with protecting the nation from terrorist attacks. In fact, the new document says that most extremists are brainwashed into their ideology right here on American soil. They generally tend to be citizens and legal residents. So, in other words, there is absolutely no reason to ban people based upon nationality. Couple that with the fact that Trump and those in his orbit are openly anti-Muslim, and one can only conclude that this  travel ban  is nothing but an attempt to make Trump s call to keep Muslims out of the country pass constitutional muster.Even more damning is the fact that the chaos caused by the clumsy roll out of Trump s original Executive Order regarding this matter, and we can only come to the conclusion that Trump will again be met with resistance from the courts if he tries to do this again.Watch the report below:Featured image via Erik McGregor/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images",News,"March 2, 2017",0
"In a first, Myanmar's 'ethnic cleansing' unites Suu Kyi's party, army and public","YANGON (Reuters) - If there s one thing that unites Aung San Suu Kyi s party, the army that once tried to crush her, and the majority of people in mostly Buddhist Myanmar, it is their vehement dislike of the Rohingya Muslims, seen as a threat to national security.  We don t love the military, but we are together on this one,  said Nyan Win, a top official of Suu Kyi s National League for Democracy (NLD), who the country s former junta had detained for nearly three years.  Our sovereignty can t be violated and that is why we are united.    These people are illegal immigrants, that s for sure. But the international community never mentions that,  said Nyan Win, 75, who chairs the ruling NLD s media team and is one of the most influential members of the party. But even as the United Nations has called the army crackdown on the Rohingya  ethnic cleansing , western diplomats - from countries competing with China for influence in the Southeast Asian nation - say abandoning Suu Kyi or reimposing sanctions could risk Myanmar s democratic transition. Though Rohingya families have lived in Myanmar for generations, they are denied citizenship and access to basic civil rights such as freedom of movement, decent education and healthcare. Attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts last month triggered an army operation that has killed more than 400 people, destroyed over 6,800 houses and sent nearly 400,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. Rohingya refugees and rights groups say the army has launched a campaign aimed at driving them out. Suu Kyi, who holds the title of  State Counsellor  and is de facto head of government, has said the militant Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) is responsible for the burning of homes, civilian deaths as well as  a huge iceberg of misinformation  on the strife in Rakhine. Revered when she was under house arrest for some 15 years, the Nobel peace winner has been criticized by fellow Nobel laureates and some leaders across the world. A petition drive is under way to revoke her Nobel prize. Malala Yousafzai, a fellow Nobel Peace Prize laureate, called on her to condemn the  shameful  treatment of the Rohingya, saying  the world is waiting  for her to speak out.  Shame on you Malala! You know nothing about real situation in our country,  Myanmar Internet user Nann Wint War wrote in a tweet.  There is no Rohingya, only Bengali terrorists in Rakhine,  said the tweet, a reference to Rohingya that suggests they come from Bangladesh.     Suu Kyi s government launched a media campaign aimed at shoring up public support for the operation.  In Facebook and Twitter posts, it has shown off support for non-Muslims displaced by the violence and blamed the international community for distributing  fake news  about alleged rights abuses.  Hard Evidence Please! , Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, said in a tweet last week reacting to a BBC News report that Rakhine Buddhist villagers set Muslim houses on fire.  You wrote you just saw it, share your #Evidence.  Aung Shin, an NLD spokesman, said only Myanmar citizens understand the situation in Rakhine as  foreign countries made their assumption based on questionable facts they obtained.  Many in Myanmar fear the Rohingya present a threat to the Buddhist Rakhine majority in Rakhine State. Sixteen non-Muslims were killed and nearly 30,000 have also been displaced, fleeing to larger towns. The conflict in Rakhine has stoked communal tensions across the country. A mob armed with sticks and swords, threatening to attack a mosque in central Myanmar, was only dispersed on Sunday after police with riot shields fired rubber bullets. Muslims have voiced fear that other mosques will come under attack and have asked for tighter security.   Thiri Thant Mon, managing director at Yangon-based investment advisory firm Sandanila, said many in Myanmar think the international community has wrongly directed its attention to the Rohingya fleeing Myanmar, instead of the suffering of Rakhine Buddhists in one of its poorest states.  The entire population here just feel misunderstood. They feel like we are not bad people. It s not us, it s them who are killing us and why aren t you talking about it?  said Thiri Thant Mon, who herself does not identify with such views.  The Rohingya issue has put Suu Kyi in an awkward position politically, the diplomats said. The military still controls much of the state apparatus even after the 2011 transition to democracy. It portrays itself as the true guardians of nationalism and Buddhism. They say that could be a reason for Suu Kyi s reticence.  If she speaks out on such a sensitive issue, the situation will explode, making it harder for her to solve the problem in Rakhine,  said Nyan Win, the NLD executive.   We can accept them as humans but we cannot let them move around freely, which violates our sovereignty,  he said, adding the Rohingya belong in camps for displaced people in Rakhine due to security reasons.     We can t give them freedom of movement because they are not our citizens.  ",worldnews,"September 14, 2017 ",1
OBAMA Pretends He Hasn’t Started A Race War…Pushes For Federal Police Force: “It is very hard to untangle to motives of this [Dallas] shooter” [VIDEO],"It would appear that Barack didn t get the memo. Somehow he missed the part where the Dallas cop killer admitted he just wanted to kill WHITE people, more specifically he wanted to kill white cops I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested  -America s most divisive PresidentPresident Barack Obama is harnessing the increasing attacks on police in Dallas   and the periodic shootings of people by stressed cops   to push his agenda to federalize state and local police forces. I want to start moving on constructive actions that are actually going to make a difference,  he said during his evening press conference in Poland when he was asked about the Dallas attack.Those actions, he said, would be based on the recommendations of the panel that he picked after the 2014 street riots in Ferguson, Missouri. The panel offered  practical concrete solutions that can reduce   if not eliminate   the problems of racial bias,  Obama said.The dramatic shootings are an opportunity to push that agenda, Obama said.  If my voice has been true and positive, my hope would be that  [the panel] surfaces problems, it frames them, it allows us to wrestle with these issue and try to come up with practical solutions,  he said.Obama began touting the panel s recommendations in March 2015. The report, titled  President s Task Force on 21st Century Policing Report,  was published in May 2015.The report urges the federal government to federalize police training and practices, via the use of federal lawsuits, grants and threats to cut federal aid. So far, Obama s deputies have cajoled and sued more than 30 police jurisdictions to adopt federal rules in a slow-motion creation of a national police system, similar to the slow-motion creation of a federal-run health-sector via Obamacare.Obama also used the press conference to insulate his federalized police program   and his allies in the Black Live Matter movement   from popular rejection after the five police were murdered by the anti-cop African-American in Dallas.President Obama on #Dallas: It's hard to ""untangle the motives of the shooter"" https://t.co/7dClE5Mjr6 https://t.co/YzdDnT3nDf  CNN (@CNN) July 9, 2016Obama shrugged off growing criticism that his own anti-cop statements helped trigger the shootings in Dallas and several other cities on Thursday and Friday.  It is very hard to untangle to motives of this [Dallas] shooter   you have a troubled mind   what feeds it, what sets it off, I ll leave that to psychologists and people who study these kids of incidents. Throughout his press conference, Obama tried to play the role of national healer.  As painful as this week has been, I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested. Americans of all races and all backgrounds are rightly outraged by the inexcusable attacks on police   that includes protestors, it includes family members who have grave concerns about police conduct, and they ve said that this is unacceptable, there is no division there,  he said. Via: Breitbart News ",Government News,"Jul 9, 2016",0
 Battleground State To Move Forward With UNPRECEDENTED Statewide General Election Recount,"Perhaps the Green Party isn t so useless after all. Jill Stein s push for recounts in some battleground states is gaining momentum. Stein raised $5 million to cover the costs of recounts over the Thanksgiving holiday, and as soon as the Green Party pays its fee, the Wisconsin Elections Board is prepared to go forward with a statewide recount.The elections board has already put an internal team together, they ve been working with their county clerks, and they ve arranged for the necessary legal counsel from the Wisconsin Department of Justice. Michael Haas, the election board s administrator, said: We plan to hold a teleconference meeting for county clerks next week and anticipate the recount will begin late in the week after the Stein campaign has paid the recount fee, which we are still calculating. This is unlike the Florida recounts in 2000, where the vote was so close it automatically triggered a machine recount. From there, well, we all remember how it spiraled out of control. Al Gore won the popular vote that year, but not nearly to the degree that Hillary has won this year s popular vote.Also, Wisconsin does not have an automatic recount trigger   a candidate has to request a recount no matter how close the vote is.A battleground state recount isn t going to help Jill Stein any, and she knows that, so what s her game here? She says she s worried that foreign hackers skewed our votes and elected Trump for us. The Green Party is actually asking Wisconsin for a reconciliation of paper records, which goes a step beyond a simple vote recount   it s an audit of paper ballots and paper trails from electronic voting machines. They re focusing on the substantial increase of absentee ballots in Wisconsin, along with the electronic voting systems that have been under scrutiny since we began seeing massive cyberattacks from parties interested in influencing our election results.Stein s fundraising website makes it clear that they know there s no guarantee any states in which the Greens are petitioning will actually move on to a recount, and she does admit that they don t have a smoking gun that proves Trump s win is illegitimate.In fact, Wisconsin actually doesn t believe a recount will change anything, despite the fact that some major vote discrepancies have already been found. Howver, provided all paperwork is filed properly, they will generally proceed with their recounts regardless.Hillary is now leading the national popular vote by 2.1 million, and is approaching a 2 percent margin. That s a greater margin than John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Grover Cleveland, James A. Garfield, and James K. Polk had when they were elected. If her lead continues to grow, she could approach Jimmy Carter s margin, and perhaps George W. Bush s margin of victory in 2004.Hillary and her campaign have stayed quietly out of the recount debate thus far. Stein and the Green Party are pushing for recounts in both Michigan and Pennsylvania as well, but it s not yet known whether those two states will actually do it. It s also not clear whether this could flip the election. What Wisconsin does in the coming days could set an interesting tone.Photo of Donald Trump by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images. Photo of Hillary Clinton by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"November 25, 2016",0
Republican Senator Collins likely 'yes' vote to advance tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator Susan Collins, who helped torpedo President Donald Trump’s effort to repeal Obamacare, said on Sunday she was leaning towards a ‘yes’ vote on the Senate budget resolution to advance tax reform. “I am likely a yes on that budget. I very much want to see tax reform,” Collins said on ABC’s “This Week” news program. The Senate is expected to vote on the fiscal 2018 measure this week. The resolution contains a legislative tool that could facilitate adoption of a tax reform bill later this year.   ",politicsNews,"October 15, 2017 ",1
"Two dead in 'Day of Rage' over Jerusalem, Palestinian president defiant","JERUSALEM/GAZA (Reuters) - At least two people were killed in clashes with Israeli troops on Friday when thousands of Palestinians demonstrated against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and the Palestinian president said Washington could no longer be a peace broker. Across the Arab and Muslim worlds, thousands more protesters took to the streets on the Muslim holy day to express solidarity with the Palestinians and outrage at Trump s reversal of decades of U.S. policy. Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian man near the Gaza border, the first confirmed death in two days of unrest. Scores of people were wounded on the  Day of Rage . A second person later died of their wounds, a Gaza hospital official said. The Israeli army said hundreds of Palestinians were rolling burning tyres and throwing rocks at soldiers across the border.  During the riots IDF soldiers fired selectively towards two main instigators and hits were confirmed,  it said. More than 80 Palestinians were wounded in the occupied West Bank and Gaza by Israeli live fire and rubber bullets, according to the Palestinian Red Crescent ambulance service. Dozens more suffered from tear gas inhalation. Thirty-one were wounded on Thursday. As Friday prayers ended at the Al Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem, worshippers made their way toward the walled Old City gates, chanting  Jerusalem is ours, Jerusalem is our capital  and  We don t need empty words, we need stones and Kalashnikovs . Scuffles broke out between protesters and police. In Hebron, Bethlehem and Nablus, dozens of Palestinians threw stones at Israeli soldiers who fired back with tear gas. In Gaza, controlled by the Islamist group Hamas, calls for worshippers to protest sounded over mosque loudspeakers. Hamas has called for a new Palestinian uprising like the  intifadas  of 1987-1993 and 2000-2005, which together saw thousands of Palestinians and more than 1,000 Israelis killed.  Whoever moves his embassy to occupied Jerusalem will become an enemy of the Palestinians and a target of Palestinian factions,  said Hamas leader Fathy Hammad as protesters in Gaza burned posters of Trump.  We declare an intifada until the liberation of Jerusalem and all of Palestine.  Protests largely died down as night fell. Rocket sirens sounded in southern Israeli towns near the Gaza border, and the Israeli military said it had intercepted one of at least two  projectiles fired from Gaza. No casualties were reported. Al Aqsa Martyrs  Brigade, a militant group linked to Abbas s Fatah party, claimed responsibility for firing one of the rockets, and said it was in protest against Trump s decision. The military said another rocket hit the Israeli town of Sderot. No casualties were reported. Israel s military said that in response to the rocket fire, its aircraft bombed militant targets in Gaza and the Palestinian Health Ministry said at least 25 people were wounded in the strikes, including six children. The Israeli military said it had carried out the strikes on a militant training camp and on a weapons depot. Witnesses said most of the wounded were residents of a building near the camp.  At the United Nations, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Washington still had credibility as a mediator.  The United States has credibility with both sides. Israel will never be, and should never be, bullied into an agreement by the United Nations, or by any collection of countries that have proven their disregard for Israel s security,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council. But Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas appeared defiant.  We reject the American decision over Jerusalem. With this position the United States has become no longer qualified to sponsor the peace process,  Abbas said in a statement. He did not elaborate further. France, Italy, Germany, Britain and Sweden called on the United States to  bring forward detailed proposals for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement . Trump s announcement on Wednesday has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies. The status of Jerusalem has been one of the biggest obstacles to a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians for generations. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital. Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as the capital of a future independent state of their own. Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in the 1967 Middle East War, to be occupied territory. It includes the Old City, home to sites considered holy to Muslims, Jews and Christians alike. For decades, Washington, like most of the rest of the international community, held back from recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, saying its status should be determined as part of the Palestinian-Israeli peace process. No other country has an embassy there. The Trump administration argues that the peace process has become moribund, and outdated policies need to be jettisoned for the sides in the conflict to make progress. Trump has also noted that Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton all promised as candidates to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn t!  Trump tweeted on Friday with a video montage of campaign speeches on the issue by his three predecessors. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday it would still be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to hammer out all other issues surrounding the city in future talks.  With respect to the rest of Jerusalem, the president ... did not indicate any final status for Jerusalem. He was very clear that the final status, including the borders, would be left to the two parties to negotiate and decide.  Still, some Muslim countries view the Trump administration s motives with particular suspicion. As a candidate he proposed banning all Muslims from entering the United States, and in office he has tried to block entry by citizens of several Muslim-majority states. In Ramallah, the seat of Abbas s Palestinian Authority, the leader s religious affairs adviser said Trump s stance was an affront to Islam and Christianity alike.  America has chosen to elect a president who has put it in enmity with all Muslims and Christians,  said Mahmoud al-Habbash. In Iran, which has never recognized Israel and supports anti-Israel militants, demonstrators burned pictures of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu while chanting  Death to the Devil . In Cairo, capital of Egypt, a U.S. ally which has a peace treaty with Israel, hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Al-Azhar mosque and outside in its courtyard chanted  Jerusalem is Arab! O Trump, you madman, the Arab people are everywhere!  Al Azhar s Imam, Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb, rejected an invitation to meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. Large demonstrations also took place in Jordan, Tunisia, Somalia, Yemen, Malaysia and Indonesia, and hundreds protested outside the U.S. embassy in Berlin. France said the United States had sidelined itself in the Middle East.  The reality is they are alone and isolated on this issue,  Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said. ",worldnews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
Central African Republic children starve as aid workers flee fighting,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Children are starving to death in Central African Republic because violence has forced aid workers to pull out, the United Nations humanitarian coordinator for the country said on Tuesday. Four years after a conflict began between Muslim Seleka rebels and Christian  anti-balaka  militias, Central African Republic had seemed calm in the early part of the year. But violence has flared since May, turning the southeast into a virtual no-go area.  There is no humanitarian assistance there. It s not even half, it s nothing, because it was just not possible for humanitarians to stay there,  coordinator Najat Rochdi said.  We started already seeing children dying from severe malnutrition.   Lack of funds had already forced aid workers to halve food aid and in some places stop it completely, despite widespread malnutrition in children under five-years-old.   What I heard -  but we have not been able to confirm it   is that so far we had 10 kids who died from malnutrition. But as long as we don t have humanitarians going there, it s very difficult for us to confirm that,  Rochdi said.  The violence is often ethnically based and tinged with suspicions of witchcraft. The latest U.N. humanitarian report said four children had been abducted and killed in the town of Bambari, their bodies found with their organs removed. In the town of Kembe, about 40 people were reportedly killed or wounded in a clash between armed groups on Oct. 10, it said. The number of displaced people has jumped by 50 percent to 600,000 this year, in addition to 500,000 who have fled into neighboring countries. Rochdi said 400,000 children were not going to school.  Overcrowded camps averaging 30,000 displaced people are fertile recruiting grounds for armed groups, so the United Nations is trying to clear out weapons and fighters and get people back home wherever possible. The U.N. peacekeeping force is only 11,600 strong, in a country the size of France and Belgium combined, and the government is struggling to create an army that can hold territory against marauding gunmen.  The United States and Uganda withdrew their forces after declaring victory in April against the Lord s Resistance Army (LRA), a marauding gang notorious for abducting and recruiting child soldiers.   Rochdi said their withdrawal  left a vacuum  and LRA attacks had continued sporadically.  ",worldnews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
BEN CARSON DESTROYS Interrupting Anti-Trump MSNBC Host: “Can You Turn Her Microphone Off Please?” [VIDEO],"Notify the CDC. It's spreading. #BenCarson #MorningJoe #TrumpFlu https://t.co/OUseiA7GVs  BCP (@b_c_p_source) October 14, 2016",left-news,"Oct 14, 2016",0
"Trump again vows to bring back U.S. jobs, but offers few details","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump told chief executives of major U.S. companies on Thursday he plans to bring millions of jobs back to the United States, but offered no specific plan on how to reverse a decades-long decline in factory jobs. In his first month in office, Trump has pressured a number of U.S. companies to hire in the United States but he has yet to publicly propose legislation tackling the big economic issues he campaigned on in 2016, including a job-boosting tax or infrastructure program. He will address a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28. In a meeting with some two dozen CEOs at the White House, Trump said the United States had lost about one-third of manufacturing jobs since it joined the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1994 and asserted about 70,000 factories have closed since China joined the World Trade Organization 16 years ago.   But the Bureau of Labor Statistics says the number of private sector manufacturing facilities in the United States has fallen less than that, from nearly 400,000 in 2001 to 344,000 last year. Lower wages, automation, foreign competition and other factors account for the steep decline in manufacturing jobs, experts say.    Trump has promised to roll out proposals that he says could have favorable ramifications for companies, including a plan to overhaul the tax code and an infrastructure package that was part of his presidential campaign promises to create millions of jobs. He has declined to specify what he had in mind. “We’re going to find out how we bring more jobs back,” he told the CEOs.  General Electric Co (GE.N) chief executive Jeff Immelt said after the meeting in a Twitter post that “tax reform a high priority for job creation. Business community will come together to help find a workable solution.” Ken Frazier, CEO of Merck & Co (MRK.N), told reporters “it is very clear the president is interested in lessening the tax burden.” Several of the CEOs who met Trump are part of a coalition that supports a so-called border adjustment tax, which would impose a 20 percent tax on goods that are imported into the country while providing write-offs for goods that are exported.  In an interview with Reuters, Trump spoke favorably about the border adjustment tax proposal being pushed by Republicans in the U.S. Congress, but did not specifically endorse it.  Trump is scheduled to dine at a Washington hotel on Thursday evening with members of The Business Council, a group of major U.S. company CEOs, including Immelt, Goldman Sachs’ Lloyd Blankfein and JP Morgan Chase’s Jamie Dimon. ",politicsNews,"February 23, 2017 ",1
Help wanted: Staff shortages under Trump slow policy changes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hundreds of government employees file in and out of the U.S. agency for auto safety in Washington every working day, investigating potentially dangerous vehicles and managing a $900 million annual budget. But an administrator is not among them - nobody has been nominated to the top job since President Donald Trump took office.  Also missing from the roughly 550 people on the payroll of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, or NHTSA, are a permanent chief counsel, director for government affairs, chief financial officer and enforcement chief. While a deputy administrator was appointed last week, slow progress in bringing in senior politically appointed officials has nearly frozen key decision-making at the agency, according to five former NHTSA officials, consumer groups, lawmakers and some business leaders. They said that without leadership in place NHTSA has either pushed back or failed to act on rules setting new standards for improving how buses fare in rollover crashes, a system to remind passengers in rear seats to wear seat belts, and new tire standards. Eight months into Trump’s presidency, senior positions in many government agencies across Washington remain vacant, including roles at the State Department, the Department of Energy, the Environmental Protection Agency and throughout the Transportation Department that oversees NHTSA.  Some of the vacancies are the result of Trump’s efforts to slim down the federal bureaucracy. Others are simply waiting to be filled.  The White House blames Democrats for dragging out the confirmation process for its nominees, and says vetting picks has been more complicated than usual because many come from the business world rather than government. While many companies applaud Trump’s moves to roll back federal bureaucracy, some also complain that delays in bringing aboard political appointees is hindering government decisions that could impact business.  The frustration extends to some U.S. diplomats, private-sector lawyers and others who regularly deal with government agencies, according to interviews. In September, the U.S. Tire Manufacturers Association urged Trump in a letter to accelerate his efforts to nominate a NHTSA administrator so the agency can comply with a 2015 road safety law passed by Congress.     The law ordered NHTSA to write regulations setting minimum tire standards for fuel efficiency and traction in wet conditions and create an online database for consumers to check for tire recalls. U.S. manufacturers and consumer groups support the regulations, drawn up in response to vehicle deaths linked to faulty tires, because they will raise standards and make the U.S. market less accessible to poorly made versions. “We don’t want the U.S. to be kind of the dumping group for the really low technology because there isn’t a standard to meet,” said Dan Zielinski, the association’s senior vice president.  Two former NHTSA leaders and consumer groups say the agency is also moving slowly on other regulatory issues, such as improving side impact standards. “This agency is in a stall ... They are not going to do very much without political leadership,” said Joan Claybrook, a former NHTSA administrator under President Jimmy Carter and a prominent consumer advocate. NHTSA said in a statement Friday that safety is its top priority. The agency is “committed to meeting all obligations as required” by the 2015 law. NHTSA has an ongoing review of all regulatory actions as part of an administration-wide effort. A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on NHTSA but said “capable and professional staff” are filling essential positions throughout the government on an acting basis until confirmations go through. Leadership shortages extend beyond the NHTSA. The White House had by Oct. 4 nominated 387 political appointees for civilian positions in the executive branch and 160 have been confirmed by the U.S. Senate, according to the non-partisan Partnership for Public Service. Both numbers were well below those in the first eight months under at least the last four presidents. In the same period of Barack Obama’s presidency, 497 candidates were nominated and 337 confirmed. One senior administration official said it aims to have all top positions - those at the level of assistant secretary and above - nominated by year’s end. Still, some political appointee jobs are expected to stay empty, the White House spokeswoman said. “The federal government has grown unrestrained for decades because politicians have been too afraid to ‘drain the swamp’,” she said. Follow Trump's impact on energy, environment, healthcare, immigration and the economy at The Trump Effect www.reuters.com/trump-effect In many cases, dire warnings from opponents that Trump’s delays in putting forward political nominations for approval would cause chaos have proven overblown.       But there are examples of government slowing down because mid-level employees do not have the authority or are unwilling to make decisions.     At the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), which analyzes proposed transactions to ensure they do not harm national security, private-sector lawyers complain of slow decisions on big deals.     “There is an unwillingness for the staff people to make a decision,” said Michael Gershberg, a trade and investment attorney with Fried Frank.  A lobbyist who works on CFIUS deals said some companies have had to refile proposals because CFIUS failed to reach a decision within 75 days. That drives up legal and financing fees and creates uncertainty about the deal.        Deals that have been refiled include a bid by Jack Ma’s Ant Financial to buy MoneyGram (MGI.O) and Zhongwang USA’s $2.33 billion bid for Aleris Corp (ALSD.PK). The Senate last week confirmed Heath Tarbert, who is expected to oversee CFIUS, as an assistant secretary of the Treasury. At the State Department, only six of the top 40 jobs have been filled, and no confirmed officials are in place to run regional bureaus that handle foreign relations. Instead, they are in the hands of career diplomats with limited authority.     The United States does not have an ambassador in place in such key allied countries as South Korea, Jordan, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.      “We’re pretty much frozen in amber here,” one official said.     A congressional aide said it was hard to determine the precise impact of the vacancies. But he added that U.S. policy in the North Korea missiles crisis would likely be helped by an ambassador in Seoul, a fully empowered assistant secretary of state for East Asia and an active special envoy for North Korea.      “That’s just one example in the region with the most prominent national security crisis, and really one of the most serious in a long time,” he said.     Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan, testifying in Congress on Sept. 26, addressed the slow pace of filling posts.     “We’re behind the curve. We should be ahead of the curve. And we’re doing all we can to catch up,” he said. “Our work is getting done. It would be better done if we had those positions filled.”     ",politicsNews,"October 6, 2017 ",1
China Communist Party complains about 'fabricated' Twitter account,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The youth wing of China s ruling Communist Party on Monday said it had complained to social network Twitter  about a fake account set up in its name that has tweeted sarcastic comments about the Communist Party. China blocks Twitter and other Western sites, such as Facebook and Google, but that has not stopped some state media and government departments from setting up Twitter and Facebook accounts in Chinese and English as they seek to expand their global footprint. In a brief statement on its Weibo account, China s answer to Twitter, the Youth League labeled the @ComYouthLeague Twitter account  completely fabricated , saying it had asked for it to be  handled . The statement did not elaborate. It displayed a screenshot of the account with the phrase  fake goods  stamped across it in Chinese. A second picture showed the Youth League s official social media accounts, including those on Weibo and WeChat. It did not include any foreign social media sites. Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The account the Youth League labeled as fake sent its first tweet on Sept. 12, and has sent 10 tweets to date. One linked to an article on the official Xinhua news agency about a Chinese being detained for selling VPN services that help people skirt internet curbs and asked why people needed to do this, if China had such a  wonderful internet culture . It is not clear who set up the account, but it calls itself the Youth League s official Twitter account and carries a link to the League s official website. Adding to the confusion, another Twitter account claiming to be the Youth League s, @ccylchina, was also launched last week, though its content conforms to the party s point of view. Neither account is officially verified by Twitter. The Youth League did not answer telephone calls seeking comment. The Youth League has 88 million members aged between 14 and 28, mainly party and government officials who have been groomed for decades as potential future rulers. With more than 5 million followers on Weibo, it has aggressively courted Chinese social media, extending its reach to platforms previously neglected by mainstream propaganda bodies. In July, the Youth League made its latest online foray into Netease music, one of China s largest online music streaming sites, with songs on its playlist ranging from the Internationale to raps by Taiwanese singing sensation Jay Chou. ",worldnews,"September 18, 2017 ",1
Trump taps ex-pharma executive Azar as U.S. health secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday said he is nominating former pharmaceutical executive and industry lobbyist Alex Azar to serve as U.S. Health and Human Services secretary, saying Azar would push to lower the price of medicines. Republicans as well as the lead lobby groups for drugmakers and health insurers welcomed Azar as an experienced hand who could help overhaul the world’s most costly healthcare system.  But several Democratic lawmakers questioned whether he would tackle changes that cut into pharmaceutical profits. If confirmed, Azar also would take the lead in implementing Trump’s campaign promise to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s 2010 healthcare overhaul that extended health insurance to 20 million Americans. Democratic Representative Elijah Cummings said Trump’s pick of a former pharmaceutical executive was “like a fox guarding the hen house.” Trump, who is in the Philippines on a diplomatic trip, announced the nomination on Twitter by saying Azar would “be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices.” Trump’s first health secretary, former U.S. Representative Tom Price, resigned in September amid a public furor over his use of expensive taxpayer-funded private charter jets for government travel.   Azar worked at Eli Lilly (LLY.N) and Co for a decade, including five years as president of its Lilly USA unit, and left the company in January, according to his LinkedIn page.  Cummings and Senator Bernie Sanders, a 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, last year called for a federal probe into whether Eli Lilly, Sanofi SA (SASY.PA), Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N) and Novo Nordisk A/S (NOVOb.CO) colluded to set prices on insulin and other diabetes drugs. “This is a slap in the face to millions of Americans who are waiting on (the President) to take action to lower drug prices,” Cummings wrote on Twitter. He also pointed to Eli Lilly raising drug prices by double digits while Azar was an executive at the company. Azar, though a spokesman, declined to comment. Other Democrats were more cautious in their response to Trump’s announcement, with Senator Chuck Schumer calling for the health agency to turn over a new leaf with Azar. Democratic Senator Patty Murray, who has been working on bipartisan healthcare legislation, tweeted, “Given Alex Azar’s professional background, there are concerns on whether he can fairly execute any significant effort to lower drug prices for patients & families.” Republicans were supportive with Senate health committee head Lamar Alexander of Tennessee describing Azar as a qualified, experienced nominee. Azar also drew praise from PhRMA, the largest pharmaceutical industry trade group and America’s Health Insurance Plans, the key lobbyist for the insurer industry. Azar served several years on the board of directors of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization, a drug industry lobbying group, and earlier was general counsel and deputy secretary for Health and Human Services under former Republican President George W. Bush. Patient advocacy organization Public Citizen said Azar has made it clear he is opposed to measures “to restrain prescription companies’ profiteering and limit improper marketing” and that he favors weaker safety approval standards. As head of HHS, Azar would have oversight responsibility for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which regulates the drug industry including approving new treatments.       Azar’s nomination must be approved by the U.S. Senate, which is controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans. ",politicsNews,"November 13, 2017 ",1
Saudi-led coalition to allow cranes into Yemen's Hodeidah port,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the Houthi-controlled port of Hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn Yemen, the Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said on Wednesday. Saudi-led forces blocked the port for more than three weeks last month in response to Houthi missile attacks, adding to food shortages in Yemen. A coalition spokesman said on Wednesday the Houthis had fired 83 ballistic missiles towards the kingdom since the war started in 2015.  ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
"Once inside Kim Jong Un's inner circle, top aide's star fades","SEOUL (Reuters) - When Kim Jong Un sat down in September to order the sixth and largest of North Korea s nuclear tests, Hwang Pyong So sat by his side, his khaki military uniform conspicuous among the suits at the table, photos released by state media at the time showed. Now Hwang, once one of Kim s most-trusted advisers, is facing unspecified punishment on the orders of another man who also sat at that exclusive table in September, Choe Ryong Hae, South Korean intelligence officials believe. Information on North Korea is often difficult to obtain, and with few hard details and no official confirmation from Pyongyang, analysts said it was too soon to draw any firm conclusions from the unspecified punishments. But the moves, which appear to involve two of Kim s top four advisers, are being closely watched for indications of fractures within his secretive inner circle, and come as North Korea faces increasing international pressure over its nuclear weapons program.      Having his advisers compete with each other suits Kim just fine, said Christopher Green, an analyst with the Crisis Group.  It is hardwired into autocracy to have underlings in competition,  he said. Hwang, a shy, bespectacled general in his mid-60s, is a close confidant of Kim Jong Un and has had an unprecedented rise to the top rungs of North Korea s leadership in the space of a few years.  In 2014, he became one of the most powerful people outside the ruling Kim family when he was named chief of the General Political Bureau of the army, a powerful position that mobilizes the military for the leader. His apparent punishment takes on additional meaning as it was orchestrated by Choe who has competed with Hwang in the past and stands to gain from any demotion, according to South Korea s spy agency.  The two men were last seen in public together early last month as they watched a gymnastics gala, according to state media. Hwang has since faded from public view, whereas Choe was the ranking official who met with a senior envoy from China in Pyongyang last week. Kim has not shied away from removing or punishing even favored leaders who could become powerful enough to threaten his grip on power, said Michael Madden, an expert on the North Korean leadership at 38 North, a project of the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced Studies in Washington.  Vice Marshal Hwang Pyong So could not have continued in the capacity that he was operating in, without it coming back to bite him,  he said. Both Hwang and Choe came to South Korea during the Asian Games in 2014 - the highest such visit by North Korean officials to the rival South. Dressed in a drab, olive army uniform and his large officer s cap, Hwang, who had been promoted to the No.2 spot behind Kim just one week earlier, had tea and lunch with Choe and South Korean officials and waved to crowds at the games  closing ceremony. The trip had been announced just one day in advance and took many South Korean observers by surprise. Some suggested there may have been a power struggle between the two men, neither wanting to yield the high-profile visit to the other. Choe, who was subjected to political  reeducation  himself in the past, now appears to be gaining more influence since he was promoted in October to the party s powerful Central Military Commission, according to South Korean officials.  The National Intelligence Service indicated Choe now heads the Organisation and Guidance Department (OGD), the secretive body which oversees appointments within North Korea s leadership. The punishment represents the first time Hwang has faced any major blow to his standing, said Lee Sang-keun, a North Korea leadership expert at Ewha Woman s University s Institute of Unification Studies. Hwang had a reputation of playing a respectful and careful role around the notoriously unpredictable Kim. Photos released by state media often showed him covering his mouth as he politely laughed with the supreme leader. The punishment may not reflect any specific mistakes on Hwang s part but could be part of a wider effort by Kim to ensure that the ruling party retains its control over the military, Lee said. The moves are part of a sweeping ideological scrutiny of the political unit of the military for the first time in 20 years, according to Kim Byung-kee, a lawmaker on South Korea s parliamentary intelligence committee. They could also be an effort to prevent a repeat of a major purge in 2013, 38 North s Madden said. Kim s uncle and second most powerful man in the secretive state, Jang Song Thaek, was executed during that purge after a special military tribunal found him guilty of treason.  Preemptively putting Hwang in his place now meant Kim might prevent him from becoming so powerful he could only be dealt with in a similar way, Madden said.   What (Kim s) doing can be described as clipping wings.   ",worldnews,"November 21, 2017 ",1
Trump gains ground on Clinton: Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation," NEW YORK (Reuters) - The race for the Oval Office tightened significantly in the past week, as several swing states that Republican Donald Trump must win shifted from favoring Democrat Hillary Clinton to toss-ups, according to the Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project.  The two presidential candidates are now tied in Florida and North Carolina, and Clinton’s lead in Michigan has narrowed so much that the state is too close to call. Ohio remains a dead heat and Pennsylvania is now tilting to Clinton.  While Clinton remains the odds-on favorite to win Tuesday’s election, Trump now has a plausible route to victory, especially if there is a sharp fall in turnout among African-Americans from the levels of the 2012 election.  Still, Trump must win both Florida and North Carolina to have a good chance of winning the White House. Clinton could lose both states and still win.  The States of the Nation project estimates Clinton’s odds of winning the needed 270 Electoral College votes at about 90 percent, down from 95 percent last week. If the election had been held on Wednesday, the project estimates, she would have had 256 solid electoral votes and an estimated final tally of about 302 votes, to 236 for Trump. Last week, she had 278 solid votes and a final tally of 320 votes, to 218 for Trump.  By any measure, however, Trump has had a good run in the past week. He has seen his support grow in 24 states while losing ground in 11. Conversely, Clinton’s support grew in 13 states while shrinking in 22.  Trump’s gains came in a period in which he had few new controversies to fend off, while Clinton faced renewed scrutiny of her email practices.  Most respondents to the latest survey were asked about their support for the candidates after FBI Director James Comey announced last Friday the agency was examining newly discovered emails that might pertain to Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.  Comey had concluded in July at the end of a year-long FBI probe of the email issue that there were no grounds to bring any charges against Clinton. His brief letter to Congress last week said the new trove of emails might or might not be significant.  Trump and other Republicans seized on the news to question Clinton’s credibility, while Democrats complained it could unfairly influence voters so close to the election.  The States of the Nation project is a survey of about 15,000 people every week in all 50 states plus Washington, D.C. State by state results are available by visiting here It is unclear if the FBI inquiry upset the balance in the race. But many national polls have found the race tightening in recent days. Polling averages last week showed Clinton with a lead of between 4 and 7 points. Those averages now show her lead at just 2 to 3 points. Last week, the project had her leading 47 percent to 40 percent. This week, it dropped to 45 percent to 42 percent.  In the Reuters/Ipsos daily tracking poll from Oct. 28 to Nov. 1, Clinton led Trump by 6 percentage points among likely voters, the same margin as before the FBI announcement.  There are other reasons for the Clinton campaign to worry. Among voters who have cast early ballots, she leads Trump by about 8 points. At the same point in the 2012 race, President Barack Obama had a lead of 11 points among early voters over Republican rival Mitt Romney. Obama’s gap narrowed, however, to 6 points just before Election Day, according to the States of the Nation project and separate Reuters/Ipsos polling.  In Florida, where the candidates are tied at 47 percent, Clinton leads by 8 points among early voters. In 2012, Obama led by about 15 points.  In Ohio, where the race also is tied, she leads by about 20 points among early voters. At this point in 2012, Obama led by about 30 points.  It is not clear why Clinton’s early voting support has fallen short of Obama’s. The shift could indicate a broader cross-section of voters is casting early ballots than in 2012. But the drop might also foreshadow lower-than-expected turnout among the core Democratic constituencies who propelled Obama to victory in 2008 and 2012.  Clinton’s success is built on holding together those blocs of voters. She does not, for example, enjoy the same support among African-Americans as Obama, the first black U.S. president. Diminished support among blacks, coupled with a large drop in black turnout, would hurt the Democrat.  If black Democratic turnout drops by 15 points nationally, for example, Clinton’s odds of winning drop to about 72 percent, by a projected margin of just 32 Electoral College votes. A drop of 20 points would reduce the odds of a Clinton victory to little more than a coin toss, according to the project.  Even a 10-point drop in black Democratic turnout coupled with a 5-point increase among white Republicans would flip the race to Trump, the project found.  The good news for Clinton is that about 60 percent of likely Hispanic voters are supporting her, similar to the numbers Obama enjoyed in 2012. A 10-point increase in Hispanic turnout would go a long way toward offsetting a 10-point decrease in black turnout, according to the project.  The outlook is not all gloom for Clinton. She has made the race close in Arizona, a longtime Republican stronghold. She has also regained the lead in Pennsylvania and is leading in Nevada.  ",politicsNews,"November 4, 2016 ",1
"Saudi Arabia, U.S. play down reports of curbs on military support","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia and the United States on Sunday played down media reports that Washington had decided to limit military support, including planned arms sales to the kingdom, over its war in Yemen. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said that Riyadh had not been officially informed of such decisions, which he described as contradicting the reality, while visiting U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry suggested the issue related more to a long procurement process than restrictions on military support. U.S. officials have said Washington decided to curb backing for Saudi Arabia’s campaign in Yemen, including halting the supply of some precision-guided munitions, because of concerns over widespread civilian casualties.  Yemen’s 20-month-old war has killed more than 10,000 people and triggered humanitarian crises, including chronic food shortages, in the poorest country in the Arabian peninsula. Jubeir, speaking in Arabic, told a joint news conference with Kerry: “This news that has been leaked contradicts reality. The reality is that converting regular bombs to smart bombs would be welcome because smart bombs are more accurate. “The kingdom has received nothing official from the American government in this regard,” he said in answer to a question on reported delays of U.S. weapons supplies. Kerry appeared to play down the reports of delays to weapons supplies, suggesting procurement was often a slow process, and adding he had worked hard to move sales “forward”. Kerry also said that he agreed in talks with Jubeir and other Gulf Arab foreign ministers to push for a “cessation of hostilities, which we all will work on in the next several days with hopes that within two weeks it might be possible to achieve it ...”. Saudi Arabia has been leading an Arab coalition that has been fighting against Iran-aligned Houthis who forced Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi from power nearly two years ago. The conflict has displaced some three million people, according to the United Nations.  “Our immediate priority is to end the bloodshed and that’s why reestabilishing the ceasefire is so critical,” Kerry told the news conference.  “We think we’ve found the path to move forward and invite the parties, President Hadi, the Houthis and the supporters of both sides to take advantage of this moment to try to come to the table and to try to frame an end,” he added. Saudi Arabia has been subjected to frequent cross-border raids and missile attacks by the Houthi movement. Responding to a question on whether Saudi Arabia was reconsidering its investment strategy over risks in the United States related to Donald Trump’s election and potential lawsuits under the U.S. Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, known as JASTA, Jubeir said: “The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has tremendous investments in the United States and we review those investments on a regular basis. There are issues associated with risk, but our objective is to increase those investments. We won’t decrease them.” Jubeir also said he had spent time in the United States recently to try to get to know the policies and positions of the next administration.   He also said he had dealt with Congress to press for amendments of the JASTA law, which grants an exception to the legal principle of sovereign immunity in cases of terrorism on U.S. soil, clearing the way for lawsuits seeking damages from the Saudi government. ",politicsNews,"December 18, 2016 ",1
Slovenian PM cancels Croatia visit over maritime dispute,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenia s Prime Minister, Miro Cerar, has canceled a visit to Croatia, accusing the neighboring state of reigniting a long-running maritime dispute, his office said on Friday. Cerar called off next week s trip after his Croatian counterpart, Andrej Plenkovic, told the U.N. General Assembly that an international ruling on their shared waters was invalid. The Permanent Court of Arbitration ruled in June that Slovenia should have  uninterrupted access  to the sea it shares with Croatia. Croatia objected at the time, and Plenkovic said he had merely repeated his country s position at the United Nations on Thursday.  In my speech there was nothing new about Croatia s position, I mentioned the facts... We remain open for dialogue with Slovenia and I invite Cerar to come to Croatia on some other date,  Plenkovic told a cabinet session in Zagreb. The countries have been arguing over a stretch of their sea and land border since both declared independence from the former Yugoslavia in 1991 as it disintegrated into war and broke up. The dispute, which centers on the bay of Piran, held up Croatian accession to the EU for many years. Only after both parties agreed to arbitration was Zagreb granted entry to the bloc in 2013 - though it later withdrew from the proceedings. The Hague-based court ruled that Slovenia gets the vast majority of the Piran bay area recognized as its territorial waters.  In addition, the tribunal established a 2.5 nautical-mile wide and some 10 nautical-mile long corridor through Croatian waters to give Slovenia much-coveted direct access to international waters. ",worldnews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
Factbox: Where Republican U.S. senators stand on healthcare bill,"(Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans’ legislation to overhaul Obamacare hit roadblocks almost as soon as it was unveiled: opposition from all 48 Democratic and independent senators and four conservative Republican lawmakers, as well as skepticism from several other Republicans. To win approval of the bill released on Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can afford to lose only two Republican votes. (In the event of a deadlocked 50-50 vote, Republican Vice President can vote to break the tie.) Here is a tally of where Republican senators stand on the bill in its present form, before any possible amendments, based on statements by or interviews with the lawmakers on Thursday and Friday. OPPOSED: Five senators - Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Ted Cruz of Texas, Mike Lee of Utah and Dean Heller of Nevada. SUPPORTIVE: Four senators - Richard Burr of North Carolina and three members of the Senate Republican leadership: John Cornyn of Texas, John Thune of South Dakota and John Barrasso of Wyoming. UNDECIDED, LEANING YES: Four senators - Patrick Toomey of Pennsylvania, Richard Shelby of Alabama, Lamar Alexander of Tennessee  and Johnny Isakson of Georgia. UNDECIDED: 10 senators - Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, Marco Rubio of Florida, Susan Collins of Maine, Rob Portman of Ohio, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, James Risch of Idaho, John McCain of Arizona, Thom Tillis of North Carolina and Lindsey  Graham of South Carolina. ",politicsNews,"June 23, 2017 ",1
Trump Interior nominee would consider more drilling on federal land,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of Interior, on Tuesday said he would consider an expansion of energy drilling and mining on federal lands but would ensure sensitive areas remain protected. The former Navy SEAL sought to outline a measured approach to the job of managing America’s national parks, forests and tribal lands during a four-hour Senate confirmation hearing that was mostly cordial, lacking some of the hot-tempered grilling that has marked other sessions to vet Trump’s cabinet nominees. “Yes,” he said in response to a question from Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska about whether he would review drilling curbs imposed by President Barack Obama’s administration in her state, home to vast petroleum deposits both onshore and beneath Arctic waters. “I can guarantee you it is better to produce energy domestically under reasonable regulation than overseas with no regulation ... We need an economy.” But he added he was committed to protecting sensitive wildlife habitats and to keeping federal lands under federal control to ensure they are preserved for future generations, so “my granddaughter’s children can look back and say that we did it right.” The Interior Department oversees territories covering a fifth of the United States’ surface from the Arctic to the Gulf of Mexico, including rich deposits of oil, gas and coal and important pasturelands for ranchers. Zinke, an avid hunter and angler, emerged as a surprise pick to head the department in part because he has embraced federal stewardship of public land, diverging from the Republican Party’s official position to sell off acreage to states. But as a congressman he has also fought for increased energy development, a position that has worried conservationists and which fits neatly with Trump’s campaign vows to bolster the U.S. energy sector by scaling back regulation. Over the last eight years, the Interior Department has sought to limit industry access to federal lands and played a key role in Obama’s agenda to combat climate change by curbing greenhouse gas emitting industries. Under Obama, the department banned new coal mining leases on federal property early in 2016. More recently the agency placed parts of the offshore Arctic and Atlantic off-limits to drilling and declared national monuments that protect large parts of Utah and Nevada from development. Zinke said he believed Trump could “amend” Obama’s moves to declare millions of acres of federal property as national monuments. But he said that any move Trump made to rescind a designation would immediately be challenged. He did not comment directly on whether he would seek to reverse Obama’s federal coal-lease ban but said he believed coal plays an important part in the U.S. energy mix and has previously pushed to end the moratorium. Zinke was the first of three Cabinet heads Trump has chosen to oversee his environment and energy portfolio to face Senate scrutiny this week. All three have opposed Obama’s measures to combat global climate change by targeting carbon dioxide emissions. Trump’s pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, was to testify on Wednesday, and Trump’s choice for Energy secretary, former Texas Governor Rick Perry, was to testify on Thursday. Zinke told committee members that he believes humans contribute to global climate change – a statement that appeared to clash with Trump’s views. Before running for the White House, Trump called climate change a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese to weaken U.S. businesses, a position he has since defended. “I do not think it is a hoax,” Zinke said. But he added that he believed there is still debate over the degree to which humans have an impact, and what should be done about it, adding that regulations could sometimes hurt jobs without helping the environment.  He said, for example, he would support efforts by the U.S. Congress to cancel recent regulation imposed by the Interior Department’s Bureau of Land Management aimed at preventing leaks of methane - another gas scientists blame for climate change - from oil and gas installations. In his opening remarks, Zinke struck a moderate tone, saying that he recognizes that some federal lands require strong protection. He also called himself an “unapologetic admirer of Teddy Roosevelt,” a former Republican president who pioneered public land conservation. Zinke also said he would tackle a multi-billion dollar backlog in maintenance at national parks and promised to ensure greater sovereignty for tribes.",politicsNews,"January 17, 2017 ",1
"TRUMP KICKS Pro-Amnesty, Globalist Koch Brother And “Author” Friend Off His West Palm Beach Golf Course","President-elect Donald Trump told a critical biographer and guest of billionaire David Koch to leave his West Palm Beach golf course on New Year s Eve, forcing Koch to leave with him.Trump s gesture was another slight against the pro-amnesty, pro- free trade  billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, who opposed Trump during the Republican primary season and refused to help him during the general election. It also signals Trump will not necessarily play nice with the GOP political establishment and Beltway right.The Kochs swooped in during the Tea Party revolt in 2010, training amateur political activists and trying to channel populist energy against the Obama administration into supporting the progressive-business alliance that wanted more cheap labor and lesser sentences for drug traffickers, under the umbrella term of  smaller government. But the  grassroots army  was not controllable,  as one former Koch staffer lamented, and the Kochs appeared curiously unwilling to make any concessions to Americans who wanted populist, nationalist policies, and relief from the relentlessly eroding forces of mass immigration and globalization. A majority of voters  some of whom saw more demographic change take place in their communities than many countries saw in a millennia want immigration slashed in half or reduced to zero. Trump captured that energy and it propelled him to the White House, much to the Kochs  and their network s chagrin.The Kochs wanted candidates amenable to their will, and Trump didn t fit the bill. They considered him a distraction before he rocketed to first in the polls, and even toyed with the idea of spending tens of millions of dollars to attack him.Trump mocked the Kochs while on the campaign trail, calling their preferred candidates  puppets  enacting their donors  agenda:I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016Koch s guest: Harry Hurt III, who authored the 1993 book, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, which stated Ivana Trump accused her ex-husband of  raping  her in a sworn deposition during their divorce.Accusing Trump of  raping  his ex wife, Ivana Trump, was a false media accusation arising early in the Republican primaries and a weapon the Democratic Party planned to use in the general election after Fox News  Megyn Kelly and the Daily Beast  rushed it on air  and into print, using Hurt s book, before bothering to check with Ivana about its truth.It backfired spectacularly when Ivana slammed the allegations and endorsed her ex-husband for president.  I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit,  she said in a July 2015 statement.  Donald and I are the best of friends and together have raised three children that we love and are very proud of. I have nothing but fondness for Donald and wish him the best of luck on his campaign. Incidentally, I think he would make an incredible president.   BreitbartHere s an interview with Charles Koch where he won t say if he will or will not vote for Hillary:https://twitter.com/AuditTheMedia/status/759545802326888452",politics,"Jan 2, 2017",0
Senator talks all night as Democrats fight Trump court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Democratic senator delivered a 15-1/2-hour, all-night speech denouncing President Donald Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee on Wednesday, joining an effort to block Senate confirmation of Neil Gorsuch in a heated political showdown with Republicans. Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon began his speech on the Senate floor on Tuesday evening and wrapped up mid-morning on Wednesday. The Senate was expected to vote on Thursday at 11 a.m. to try to end a Democratic procedural effort called a filibuster aimed at blocking Gorsuch’s confirmation to a lifetime post on the court. Republicans were expected to fall short of being able to halt the filibuster, but said they had the votes needed to then immediately change the Senate rules to prohibit filibusters against Supreme Court nominees. Republicans said Gorsuch would  be confirmed on Friday one way or the other. Senate confirmation of Gorsuch, 49, would reinstate the court’s conservative majority, allow Trump to leave an indelible mark on America’s highest judicial body and fulfill a top campaign promise by the Republican president. Toward the end of his marathon speech, Merkley looked weary, his suit jacket unbuttoned and his yellow tie billowing out. He stood beside an easel holding graphics that an aide would periodically adjust. “For the first time in U.S. history, a seat has been stolen from one president and delivered to another in a court-packing scheme. If that were to succeed, it would set a precedent that will haunt the court for decades to come,” Merkley said. He noted that the Republicans who control the Senate refused last year to consider former Democratic President Barack Obama’s nomination of appellate judge Merrick Garland to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016, the same seat Gorsuch now has been named to fill. Later on the Senate floor, Republican Senator Cory Gardner countered that such an argument amounted to advocating that “two wrongs must make a right.” Merkley criticized Gorsuch’s legal opinions and said Gorsuch would become a conservative legal activist on the court. At one point, Merkley read a 1998 speech by one of the past giants of the Senate, Democrat Robert Byrd, decrying partisanship in Congress.  “I believe that the American people are more than tired of partisan warfare. I believe they wish for less of it from Congress, especially in the Senate, where more statesmanship and a longer view are expected,” Merkley said, quoting Byrd. The Senate has a lengthy history of long speeches, including notable ones in recent years by Senators Ted Cruz, Chris Murphy and Rand Paul. The Senate Historical Office listed Merkley’s speech at 15 hours and 26 minutes, the eighth longest in Senate history. The longest came in 1957 when segregationist Senator Strom Thurmond spoke for 24 hours and 18 minutes against legislation, later enacted, protecting black voting rights. On the second day of formal Senate debate on Gorsuch’s  nomination, various Republicans called the conservative Colorado-based federal appeals court judge “incredibly qualified,” an “intellectual heavyweight” and “always true to the law.” “Democrats are bowing to hard-left special interests that can’t get over the results of the election and thus are demanding complete Democratic opposition to everything this president touches,” Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said. Democrats accuse Gorsuch of being so conservative as to be outside the judicial mainstream, favoring corporate interests over ordinary Americans in legal opinions, and displaying insufficient independence from Trump. Republicans control the Senate 52-48. The rule change, which requires a simple majority, has been dubbed the “nuclear option,” and Trump has urged McConnell to “go nuclear.” A filibuster requires a super-majority of 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate in order to proceed to a simple majority vote on a Supreme Court nominee or legislation. The 60-vote super-majority threshold empowers the minority party to hold up the majority party and has forced the Senate over the decades to try to achieve bipartisanship on legislation and presidential appointments. Republican Senator John McCain, known as a defender of Senate traditions, offered reluctant support for the rule change, but said it likely would lead to judicial nominees “from the extremes of both left and right.” “What we are about to do at the end of this week will have tremendous consequences, and I fear that some day we will regret what we’re about to do. In fact, I’m confident we will,” McCain said on the Senate floor. The White House denied on Wednesday that Gorsuch had engaged in plagiarism after media reports accused him of copying some language and failing to cite relevant sources in his 2006 book about assisted suicide and euthanasia. “There is only one explanation for this baseless, last-second smear of Judge Gorsuch: those desperate to justify the unprecedented filibuster of a well-qualified and mainstream nominee to the Supreme Court,” White House spokesman Steven Cheung said in a statement. ",politicsNews,"April 5, 2017 ",1
Trump candidacy stirs alliance angst in Japan,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump’s portrayal of Japan as a free-rider on security is stirring worries in Tokyo about damage to its U.S. alliance, and could embolden hardliners keen to bolster Japan’s military in the face of a rising China. The U.S.-Japan alliance has been the lynchpin of Tokyo’s  security policy for decades, but worries have simmered in recent years as to whether Washington will continue to be willing and able to defend its key Asian ally.  Comments from the Republican Party frontrunner have done little to allay those fears. “If somebody attacks Japan, we have to immediately go and start World War III, okay? If we get attacked, Japan doesn’t have to help us,” Trump said at a campaign speech late last year. “Somehow, that doesn’t sound so fair.” Trump has also accused Japan of stealing jobs and criticized the U.S.-led 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact that Tokyo sees as vital for strategic as well as economic reasons.       “If you listen to his comments (on security), the United States would become isolated so I think there is great anxiety for allied countries,” Itsunori Onodera, who served as defense minister under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, told Reuters. Last year, Abe spent considerable political capital enacting controversial legislation that allows Japan’s military to defend friendly countries under attack, a major reinterpretation of the country’s pacifist constitution. “It is incumbent on Japan to protect itself and its defense is necessary for the alliance to be maintained in the best possible posture,” said a source close to Abe. Abe also wants to formally revise the post-war charter to further loosen limits on military action overseas. “Most people consider Trump bad news, but for those who want to revise the constitution and strengthen the military, it actually provides a boost for their position,” said a former Western diplomat still in touch with Japanese policymakers. As host to around 50,000 U.S. troops, Japan is vital to Washington’s “rebalance” of its economic and security focus to the Asia-Pacific region. Trump did not respond to requests for comments about the U.S.-Japan alliance. Both Washington and Tokyo are alarmed by China’s increasing assertiveness in the South China Sea, where Beijing has territorial rows with several Southeast Asian nations. Japan has a separate dispute with China over tiny islands in the East China Sea. Like many Trump observers around the world, Japanese policy makers at first watched with amusement and then disbelief as the reality TV star and property tycoon garnered growing momentum. Only in recent weeks have they begun taking Trump’s chances seriously and are now scrambling to find out who is advising him on security, another government source said.  Japanese policymakers have not geared up specifically to counter what they see as his misleading rhetoric, which seems to hark back to an outdated 1980s vision of Japan, the source close to Abe said. “I think it’s too early. Number one, he has not made it known even to the American voters whom he counts on as far as foreign policy goals,” the source said, adding they expected Trump would change if elected. “We are fully aware campaign rhetoric is dramatically different from real policies pursued by incumbents.”   For now, though, Japanese government insiders say they are betting that if Trump becomes the Republican nominee and goes on to win the Nov. 8 presidential election, he would surround himself with experts who would draft more realistic policies. Publicly, Japan is playing it politely. Asked about Trump’s candidacy on Wednesday, Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters: “We are of course watching this because of the impact such a large country has, but we cannot otherwise comment on another country’s election.” ",politicsNews,"March 20, 2016 ",1
Difficult migration debate looms as African and EU leaders meet,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - European leaders under pressure from a far-right revival at home hope to avoid a difficult debate about immigration when they meet their African counterparts in Ivory Coast from Wednesday. Reports this month of abuses against African migrants in Libya have sparked anger across the continent however, threatening to drive migration to the top of the summit agenda and shine a spotlight on an issue fraught with political risk.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron, who head the Franco-German axis at the heart of the European Union, will have its next major political test in mind when they sit down with African Union heads of state. Italy, on the frontline of the campaign to slow illegal migration to Europe, holds elections early next year and the populist 5-Star Movement is leading opinion polls. The anti-immigrant, eurosceptic Northern League is also gaining support.   We all have our own interests in not turning this into a migration conference,  one EU official said ahead of the meeting to be held in Ivory Coast s commercial capital Abidjan. The summit is meant to focus on development, long the cornerstone of EU policy in Africa and tangentially related to migration. The theme of investing in youth, though, is a nod to the rampant unemployment and poverty that drives many young Africans to leave home in search of a better life. But it now looks increasingly unlikely the EU leaders can avoid hard questions from their African counterparts. Soon after CNN aired grainy images from Libya this month appearing to show migrants being sold as slaves, African governments began recalling diplomats from Tripoli.  Protests erupted in France, Senegal and Benin. Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara called for Libyan slave traders to be prosecuted by the International Criminal Court. Libyan authorities have promised to investigate the slavery allegations. But the European Union too has been the target of anger and frustration.  They re the ones who blocked the way and left us in the hands of these Libyans,  said Cherifou Sahindou, sitting at a make-shift tea stand by a muddy, rubbish-strewn track near a mosque in Abidjan s Yopougon neighborhood. Sahindou and some of the other men around the tea stand said they made it to Libya, but no further. All had heard about the slave markets and all knew someone who had  stayed in the water  - the local euphemism for death on the migrant trail. Like many African leaders, Ouattara has called for Europe to broaden the legal avenues for migration from the continent using mechanisms such as student and temporary work visas.  Europe and Europeans ... should not be afraid, because Africa and the African youth can bring a lot to Europe,  he said in an interview with the France 24 news channel this week. But in the current political climate any proposal for more Africans to enter Europe is a non-starter for many EU leaders. Merkel herself is the most high-profile victim of an anti-immigration backlash. At the peak of the migrant influx into Europe in 2015 she declared an open door policy for refugees and asylum seekers, allowing in more than a million migrants. The anti-immigrant far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party campaigned hard against the policy and won some 13 percent of the vote in a September election - complicating Merkel s efforts to form a coalition government and weakening her position as the leading EU advocate within Europe. In an indication of how heated things have become, the mayor of a small town in Germany, who won an award from Merkel for his liberal migrant policies, was stabbed in the neck on Monday in an attack believed to be politically motivated. Other European leaders firmly behind the 28-member bloc are also wary of falling foul to such an explosive issue.  If you say,  I ve got a right to total access without conditions  ... I can t explain that to my middle class, who ve worked, who pay their taxes,  Macron said during a rowdy exchange with students in Burkina Faso on Tuesday.  What do I tell them?  It is those kinds of political calculations that are hindering much-needed policy solutions, said William Swing, head of the International Organization for Migration.  The heart of the problem is the very toxic atmosphere that s been fairly widespread for some years now ... That s not just in Europe,  he told Reuters.  The drivers (of migration) are there and they re not going away. So clearly our policies need to change.   European delegates at the summit, however, are expected to pledge aid, repeating often voiced calls for a  Marshall Plan  for Africa that would create jobs and lift incomes to give would-be migrants a reason to stay at home.  The African security sectors charged with clamping down on migrant flows will also get their share of European money. EU support for the Libyan authorities, including Italian assistance for its coastguard, has helped halve the number of migrants arriving in Europe via the Mediterranean this year.  Though lauded in Italy, the program, which has led to massive detention centers being created in Libya to hold intercepted migrants, was denounced by the United Nation s human rights chief Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein. Abdoulaye Dosso, another man at the tea stand in Yopougon, said he crossed the Sahara desert, played dead to survive as rebels shot other migrants, and then spent weeks in one such camp awaiting repatriation to Ivory Coast.  There have been too many deaths,  he said.  There must be a change.  (This story has been refiled to fix typo in French president s name in paragraph 3)  ",worldnews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
"Mugabe: Zimbabwe's liberator and, for many, its oppressor","HARARE (Reuters) - When he came to power, Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe was feted as an African liberation hero in a nation that had endured nearly a century of white colonial rule. Nearly four decades after the country s independence from Britain in 1980, he was regarded by many as an autocrat, willing to unleash death squads, rig elections and trash the economy in the relentless pursuit of power. The 93-year-old resigned as president on Tuesday, ending 37 years of rule. He had clung on for a week after an army takeover and expulsion from his ZANU-PF party, but quit after parliament began an impeachment process against him. Educated and urbane, Mugabe took power after seven years of a liberation bush war and is the only leader Zimbabwe, formerly Rhodesia, has known since independence from Britain in 1980.  The army seized power last week after Mugabe sacked ZANU-PF s favorite to succeed him, Vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa, to smooth a path to the presidency for his wife Grace, 52, known to her critics as  Gucci Grace  for her reputed fondness for luxury shopping.  It s the end of a very painful and sad chapter in the history of a young nation, in which a dictator, as he became old, surrendered his court to a gang of thieves around his wife,  Chris Mutsvangwa, leader of Zimbabwe s influential liberation war veterans, told Reuters after the army takeover. Born on a Catholic mission near Harare, Mugabe was educated by Jesuit priests and worked as a primary school teacher before going to South Africa s University of Fort Hare, then a breeding ground for African nationalism.  Returning to Rhodesia in 1960, he entered politics but was jailed for a decade four years later for opposing white rule. After his release, he rose to the top of the powerful Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army, known as the  thinking man s guerrilla  on account of his seven degrees, three of them earned behind bars. Later, as he crushed his political enemies, he boasted of another qualification -  a degree in violence . After the long bush war ended, Mugabe was elected as the nation s first black prime minister. Initially, he offered reconciliation to old adversaries as he presided over a booming economy.  But it was not long before Mugabe began to suppress challengers such as liberation war rival Joshua Nkomo. Faced with a revolt in the mid-1980s in the western province of Matabeleland which he blamed on Nkomo, Mugabe sent in North Korean-trained army units, provoking an international outcry over alleged atrocities against civilians. Human rights groups say 20,000 people died, most from Nkomo s Ndebele tribe. The discovery of mass graves prompted accusations of genocide against Mugabe. After two terms as prime minister, Mugabe changed the constitution and was elected president in 1990, shortly before the death of his first wife, Sally, seen by many as the only person capable of restraining him. When, at the end of the century, he lost a constitutional referendum followed by a groundswell of black anger at the slow pace of land reform, his response was uncompromising. As gangs of black people calling themselves war veterans invaded white-owned farms, Mugabe said it was a correction of colonial injustices.  Perhaps we made a mistake by not finishing the war in the trenches,  he said in 2000.  If the settlers had been defeated through the barrel of a gun, perhaps we would not be having the same problems.  The farm seizures helped ruin one of Africa s most dynamic economies, with a collapse in agricultural foreign exchange earnings unleashing hyperinflation. The economy shrank by more than a third from 2000 to 2008, sending unemployment above 80 percent. Several million Zimbabweans fled, mostly to South Africa. An unapologetic Mugabe portrayed himself as a radical African nationalist competing against racist and imperialist forces in Washington and London. Britain once likened him to Adolf Hitler but Mugabe did not mind, saying the Nazi leader had wanted justice, sovereignty and independence for his people:  If that is Hitler, then let me be a Hitler ten-fold.  The country hit rock bottom in 2008, when 500 billion percent inflation drove people to support the challenge of Western-backed former union leader Morgan Tsvangirai. Facing defeat in a presidential run-off, Mugabe resorted to violence, forcing Tsvangirai to withdraw after scores of his supporters were killed by ZANU-PF thugs. An increasingly worried South Africa squeezed the pair into a fractious unity coalition but the compromise belied Mugabe s de facto grip on power through his continued control of the army, police and secret service. As old age crept in and rumors of cancer intensified, his animosity towards Tsvangirai eased, with the two men enjoying weekly meetings over tea and scones, a quirky nod to Mugabe s affection for British tradition if not authority. On the eve of the 2013 election, Mugabe dismissed cries of autocracy and likened dealing with Tsvangirai to sparring in the ring.  Although we boxed each other, it s not as hostile as before,  he said.  It s all over now. We can shake hands.  At the same time, Mugabe s agents were finalizing plans to engineer an election victory through manipulation of the voters  roll, the Tsvangirai camp said. The subsequent landslide was typical of a man who could always out-fight and out-think opponents.  To give the devil his due, he is a brilliant tactician,  former U.S. ambassador Christopher Dell wrote in a cable released by WikiLeaks. ",worldnews,"November 21, 2017 ",1
Cameroon separatist attacks kill four security forces: government,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Separatists from Cameroon s Anglophone region have killed four security forces in several attacks over the past few days, the government said on Saturday, an unprecedented violent turn to a movement that risks morphing into a full blown insurgency. A government crackdown on the separatists has killed dozens of people since October and driven many into the arms of a once-fringe separatist movement ahead of presidential elections in 2018. It followed on from demonstrations a year ago by English-speakers in the western region bordering Nigeria against what they see as a marginalization by the mostly French-speaking government of President Paul Biya, who has been in power for 35 years. Only a minority want to secede, however. The secessionists have been around for decades, but operated underground and had been largely non-violent until a few weeks ago. A spokesman for the separatists acknowledged the latest attacks but disputed details of the government account, and said five security forces had been killed. In Saturday s statement, Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma gave more details of the killing of two gendarmes reported on Tuesday and Wednesday, and said two further attacks on Thursday night had killed two soldiers.  Referring to attacks earlier in the week, Tchiroma said assailants armed with machetes stormed a high school in the town of Jakiri on Tuesday. The separatists are disrupting schools that teach in French. Gendarmes arrived on the scene to stop them, but one was killed in the resultant scuffle.  Tchiroma said he was  executed , but Cho Ayaba, a leading member of the political wing of the separatist movement who lives abroad told Reuters in Dakar by telephone that he was  killed in a firefight. Then on Wednesday, in the restive city of Bamenda, another attack left a gendarme dead, Tchiroma said. Ayaba reported two deaths of security forces in that attack. On Thursday night, insurgents killed a soldier in Bamenda by slitting his throat, Tchiroma said, and another female soldier guarding a bridge.  As I speak, four members of the Defense and Security Forces on duty have been killed, murdered by terrorists on behalf of the secessionist movement,  Tchiroma said. Ayaba contradicted that, saying that all of the deaths had occurred in shootouts, and that no one had their throat slit.  That s absolute nonsense,  he said.  There was no physical contact.  Cameroon s language divide is a legacy of World War One, when the League of Nations split the former German colony of Kamerun between allied French and British victors. Hundreds of Anglophone Cameroonians were swept up in mass arrests following demonstrations on Oct. 1, and at least 5,000 have fled the crisis for neighboring Nigeria. The crackdown, which included cutting the Internet, locking up opponents and using helicopter gunships to fire on civilians,   and a lack of any political solution is fast transforming a protest movement into an armed rebellion.  Cameroon soldiers are enforcing an occupation,  Ayaba said.  The only thing that will make us stop these attacks is if the regime withdraws ... if they stop using the military to impose political exclusion and systematic terror on our people.  ",worldnews,"November 11, 2017 ",1
"Philippine president sees biggest ratings dip, but popularity intact","MANILA (Reuters) - Trust and satisfaction in Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte fell to the lowest of his presidency in the third quarter of this year, a survey showed on Sunday, although sentiment about his leadership remained positive overall. Net satisfaction, used by pollster Social Weather Stations (SWS) as a rating of the president s performance, was down 18 points from the second quarter to 48, classified as  good  in the survey of 1,200 Filipinos conducted in the last week of September.  Duterte s net trust rating, which gauges public sentiment about his personality, was  very good  at 60 points, down from  excellent  75 he achieved in the previous poll. The survey was conducted just a few days after thousands of Filipinos rallied to denounce Duterte, his anti-drug crackdown and what they called an emerging dictatorship. Thousands of Filipinos have been killed in the crackdown and other SWS polls conducted in September indicated doubts about the validity of official accounts of the 3,800 cases where police killed drug suspects. The SWS survey did not ask respondents to give a reason for the rating of Duterte, who took office in June 2016. Duterte s spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the survey results. Political analyst Ramon Casiple, head of the country s Institute for Political and Electoral Reform, said it was normal for a president s rating to fall during his time in office, but concern over the high death toll in his signature war on drugs will have weighed on sentiment. Activists accuse Duterte of inciting police to kill drug dealers and users, which he denies. Police reject allegations they are executing suspects and say deaths occurred because victims had violently resisted arrest. Casiple said that though the poll still showed Duterte had the support of Filipinos, he should take it seriously.  This is a real diminution of his popularity and it serves as a wakeup call for him to stop it further going down,  Casiple said of the poll.  However, this is still a comfortable figure and far from the threshold of unpopularity.  Based on SWS methodology for net trust ratings, a score of 70 and above is considered excellent, 50 to 69 is very good, 30-49 good and 10-29 moderate. While his political opponents chide him for his authoritarian style and intolerance of dissent, Duterte enjoys a cult-like following and support from millions of Filipinos, who see him as the best hope for change in a country with rampant crime and a yawning gap between rich and poor. ",worldnews,"October 8, 2017 ",1
 BREAKING: Republicans Susan Collins And Lisa Murkowski Will Vote No On Betsy DeVos,"Susan Collins, Republican Senator from Maine, has once again broke with her party after announcing she will vote  no  on Donald Trump s education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos.Lisa Murkowski, Senator from Alaska, will also vote  no  on DeVos.On the Senate floor, Collins made a passionate speech about her reservations (which are shared by fellow Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Maine), saying:I come to the floor to announce a very difficult decision that I have made, and that is to vote against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos to be our nation s next Secretary of Education.The move comes unexpectedly, as Collins voted in favor of DeVos in committee, which passed on a party line and sent her nomination to the floor for an up-or-down vote. But at that time, Collins made clear she was still considering her support. Murkowski had also voted to send DeVos  consideration to the floor.Collins had told the Bangor Daily News that she was  surprised and concerned  about her  apparent lack of familiarity  on a wide range of education issues. One issue that particularly struck Collins was the fact DeVos seemed clueless to the fact the United States has protections for students with disabilities.Susan Collins has so far been a thorn in the side of Donald Trump and his administration, recently referring to his immigration executive action as  likely unconstitutional,  and blasting Steve Bannon s appointment to the National Security Council as  entirely inappropriate. As of now, 50 senators have come out against DeVos, including Collins, Murkowski and every member of the Democratic caucus (which includes independents Bernie Sanders and Angus King). DeVos needs a simple majority to pass, and with 52 members in the GOP caucus, DeVos has a slim chance of being confirmed. If one more Republican defects, the 50-50 tie that would be broken by Vice President Mike Pence will be blockedOnce again, Susan Collins has put the country before her party, and has showed the GOP what it means to have a spine, as has Murkowski.Here s to hoping more Republicans follow their lead.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"February 1, 2017",0
BREITBART SENIOR EDITOR SPEAKS OUT On Bannon’s Departure…Declares #War on the Left [Video],"Joel Pollack has been with Breitbart News through the years of Obama and beyond so he knows this is a war. It s so much more that STATUES He gets it and it s great to know Steve Bannon will be back in the trenches with Pollack.Interesting @MSNBC segment with @AliVelshi and @joelpollak https://t.co/cd011s0Wvn  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) August 18, 2017Joel Pollack: Hashtag  War  has been our motto since the days of Andrew Breitbart. And we use it whenever we go to war against our three main targets which are, in order- Hollywood and the mainstream media, number one   the Democratic party and institutional left, number two   and the Republican establishment in Washington, number three  Our mission remains the same as it has been before Trump, as it was after he was elected and as it will continue to be. Great debate that we wish would happen more often Many of the comments from both sides said that this was fantastic because both sides were given a chance to speak. ",left-news,"Aug 18, 2017",0
"U.S. State Department tweets, then deletes congratulations for Iran Oscar win"," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Monday issued and then deleted a congratulatory message for an Oscar win by a prominent Iranian director who criticized President Donald Trump’s travel ban as “inhumane.”  The State Department’s official Persian-language Twitter account, @USAdarFarsi, tweeted congratulations to the Iranian people and Asghar Farhadi, director of “The Salesman,” after the movie won an Oscar for best foreign-language film on Sunday, according to screenshots of the message circulated on Twitter.  READ MORE TOP NEWS: Tweeting accountant in spotlight over Oscar best picture blunder For White Helmets leader, Oscar win a victory for Syrian people Breakingviews: PwC might have seen Oscars mixup coming Farhadi boycotted the Oscars ceremony to protest Trump’s January executive order that temporarily banned entry to the United States by Iranians and citizens of six other Muslim-majority countries, and issued a statement criticizing the order. The ban was blocked by federal courts, although the administration is working on a new order.  Farhadi chose two Iranian-Americans - a female engineer and a former NASA scientist - to represent him at the ceremony. Anousheh Ansari, an engineer who was the first female space tourist, read a statement on Farhadi’s behalf calling the travel ban “inhumane.”  “Dividing the world into the ‘us’ and ‘our enemies’ categories creates fear, a deceitful justification for aggression and war,” Ansari said, reading from Farhadi’s statement.  According to screenshots circulating on Twitter, the @USAdarFarsi account posted a message around 1 a.m. EST congratulating Farhadi on the award, which was Iran’s second Oscar victory. The tweet was then deleted, although it is unclear exactly when.  “A congratulatory tweet was posted,” a State Department spokeswoman said. “We later removed the post to avoid any misperception that the USG (U.S. government) endorsed the comments made in the acceptance speech.”  A second State Department official said the decision to delete the tweet was made within the department.  The @USAdarFarsi account, which launched in February 2011 and seeks to engage directly with Iranians, had previously tweeted messages about “The Salesman,” including on Jan. 24, when it noted its Academy Award nomination and sent best wishes to Farhadi.  That tweet, which is still online, was published days before Trump issued the travel ban that sparked Farhadi’s protest.  Farhadi also won an Oscar in 2012 in the same category for his film “A Separation.” In his acceptance speech that year, Farhadi referred to tensions at the time between Iran and the United States over Tehran’s nuclear program, and said the Iranian people “despise hostility and resentment.”  ",politicsNews,"February 27, 2017 ",1
"Bolivia's Morales says he'll seek fourth term, spurs protests","LA PAZ (Reuters) - Bolivian President Evo Morales said on Thursday that opposition from the United States convinced him to run for a fourth term in 2019, spurring a second day of protests after the constitutional court eliminated term limits. Morales  government earlier brushed off criticism from Washington, which said it was  deeply concerned  over Tuesday s court decision. Morales himself then took it a step further, saying the U.S. reaction actually convinced him to run.  I was not so determined; now I am determined,  he said at a public event in the central Bolivian region of Cochabamba.  I will be a candidate, sisters and brothers, in 2019.  The court ruling is final and cannot be appealed. Groups opposed to the ruling protested in several cities again on Thursday, as opponents clashed with police outside an elections office in the city of Santa Cruz.  Bolivia has a constitution and we should respect it,  said Olga Flores, who identified as a human rights activist and was among several hundred protesters braving the rain in La Paz. Others chanted  Bolivia said no!   Morales, a former coca farmer in power since 2006, had previously accepted the results of a referendum in 2016, when 51 percent of voters rejected his proposal to end term limits. He later reversed course, saying that while he was willing to leave office, his supporters were pushing for him to stay.  The U.S. State Department disputed that position.   Twice in the last decade, the Bolivian people have expressed their opposition to the concept of indefinite reelection for elected officials,  the department s statement said. It referred to a vote in favor of the current constitution in 2009 and the 2016 referendum.   Morales  administration dismissed the criticism.  It looks like they are trying to tell us who our candidates should be,  the minister of the presidency, Rene Martinez, said. He said right-wing political forces in Bolivia had joined  with the United States and the Organization of American States to stop Morales from running again. Historically unstable Bolivia has enjoyed relative calm and  prosperity under Morales, the country s first indigenous president. Approval ratings for Morales, a fierce critic of capitalism and ally of embattled Venezuelan socialist leader Nicolas Maduro, hover at around 50 percent. In September, Morales  Movement to Socialism party asked the courts to rescind legal limits barring elected authorities from seeking reelection indefinitely. Morales says his first election took place under Bolivia s previous constitution and therefore did not count under the now-defunct two-term rule. ",worldnews,"November 30, 2017 ",1
"Senate passes funding bill, Obama signs into law","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate passed legislation on Friday to fund the government through April and President Barack Obama promptly signed it into law, after Democrats who had sought more generous healthcare benefits for coal miners stopped delaying action on the measure. Many government services and operations would have been closed or suspended at midnight, when current funding authority expired, if the Senate had not approved the bill. The vote was 63-36.  The House of Representatives passed the legislation on Thursday. Obama signed the measure, the White House said in a statement issued about 90 minutes after the Senate passed it. Democrats from coal-producing states, led by West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin, had delayed the Senate vote on the funding bill in a failed attempt to get a bigger extension of miners’ healthcare benefits that expire at the end of this year. The Democratic senators, many of whom are up for re-election in 2018, seemed eager to court blue-collar voters who flocked to Republican President-elect Donald Trump in elections last month. Some of the senators also appealed to Trump to help the miners. Trump “won coal country big, that’s for sure,” incoming Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said on the Senate floor. “So we are simply asking our president-elect, to communicate to the people in his party, to get on board, live up to the promise we made the miners many years, decades ago,” Schumer said. The legislation provided financial support for four more months of healthcare benefits for coal miners, through April, but Manchin and other Senate Democrats wanted at least a year. Senate Republicans refused to reopen the issue. But Schumer said that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had promised Manchin he would work next year to continue the benefits beyond April. Manchin and the other Democrats then stopped objecting to holding the vote, although they still opposed the measure. “I was born in a family of coal miners,” Manchin said. “And (if) I’m not going to stand up for them, who is?” Manchin, a moderate Democrat who has been touted as a possible member of Trump’s cabinet, is scheduled to see Trump in New York on Monday. Manchin told reporters, however, that “I’m not looking for a job.” The government funding bill would keep federal agencies funded until April 28. It freezes most spending at current levels. Flint, Michigan, which has endured a two-and-a-half-year struggle with lead-contaminated drinking water, would get access to a $170 million fund for infrastructure improvements and lead poisoning prevention under the bill. The Senate also passed a separate bill authorizing water projects around the country that included directions for spending the Flint money and provisions to provide relief to drought-stricken California. This measure was also approved by the House on Thursday. A provision in the government funding bill would make it easier for Trump to win confirmation of General James Mattis to be defense secretary early next year.  Republicans demanded it to help Mattis get around a requirement that the defense secretary be a civilian for seven years before taking the job. Mattis retired from the military in 2013. ",politicsNews,"December 10, 2016 ",1
Turkey expects EU to provide total 6 billion euros under migrant deal by end-2018: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey expects the European Union to provide the remaining portion of the 3 billion euros ($3.53 billion) which the bloc pledged under a migrant deal by end-2017, according to the text of a speech by Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu on Thursday. In the text of the speech, which he was making to a parliamentary budget commission, Cavusoglu also said Ankara expected a further 3 billion euros to be allocated by end-2018. ",worldnews,"November 16, 2017 ",1
IS GLENN BECK PUSHING FOR A HILLARY PRESIDENCY When He Says This About Trump? [VIDEO],"We re gonna go out on a limb, and guess that Glenn Beck s open hatred for Donald Trump will destroy his Tea Party and conservative base Glenn Beck was back on his game today. And that game is Trump bashing. In between the sophomoric jokes, the mindless banter, it was cutting edge conversation about how Donald Trump is a progressive.Trump has taken a lot of  in-coming  as Rush Limbaugh famously pointed out following Donald s campaign launch. And a ton of it has been from Glenn Beck.Today, Beck decided to read an article by Rich Lowry entitled The Right s Post Constitutional Moment. Lowry does a yeomen s job lambasting Trump, the Tea Party and the right for falling for Trump s brand of populism.Who knew there would be a day when the Constitution would be used as a whipping boy for conservative geeks who like to lose elections. Lowry complains that Trump plans on using the same pen that Obama used to undo all of the president s unconstitutional executive orders.So is Lowry suggesting Trump go before congress? What Beck and Lowry are taking umbrage with is Trump s willingness to use the eraser. They aren t laws, their meaningless executive orders. Does that stuff need to stop cold turkey? Yes. But it will have to wait for Donald s second term in office.The inference here is that Trump supporters are the other side of the coin to Obama supporters. Our anger is justified, but we should be picking a pristine Constitutional scholar like Ted Cruz. Cruz may have a brain filled with rulings and arguments, but none of what he says connects to the average American voter. Trump connects on a level that no other candidate in my lifetime has managed to do.And quite frankly that pisses Glenn Beck off to no end. All of his hard work talking about Freedom Works and orchestrating rallies. And then Trump comes along with a populist message that finally makes the GOP tent big enough to win an election. How dare someone relate to the common man.Here s Glenn Beck explaining how he ll vote 3rd party (for Hillary) if Trump is the nominee:What both Lowry and Beck miss is the fact that the average Joe has not studied the Constitution. They may tacitly approve of what s in it, but they are more concerned about jobs, the economy and national security.In addition, the article gets things wrong. Lowry claims that Trump wants to shut part of the internet down. Just some generic part. No mention of how Donald wants someone from Silicon Valley to surgically take out ISIS related sites.Lowry goes on to praise Beck for earnestly exploring the founders with his audience. No offense, but Beck did us no favors. His show became a myriad of things that Beck, and Beck alone was interested in. We get it, Woodrow Wilson was a bad dude. Now, can we get on with fixing the damn country?Here s YouTube sensation and Tea Party darling, Wild Bill For America. He offers a scathing rebuke of Glenn Beck and his  hateful sabotaging of the Tea Party and Donald Trump:Beck s mind meld with Lowry on his show proves one thing. He would rather lose the election than win with Trump. He knows that Donald Trump will damage The Blaze brand and possibly put Beck back in the unemployment line.It s ludicrous to think that all of these veterans and military people who support Trump know nothing about the Constitution. And then there s Ann Coulter. Sarah Palin. Jeff Sessions. Rick Scott. Ted Nugent. Michael Savage. Sean Hannity. Rush Limbaugh. And dozens of other Constitutional conservatives who support Donald Trump.If you haven t pulled the plug on your Blaze membership, it s about time you looked into it. Glenn Beck s personal animosity towards Donald Trump and his wife Melania have proven that he is not ready for prime time anymore. Via: Scorched Earth",politics,"Jan 9, 2016",0
OBAMA TAKES LEGALLY BINDING DRAFT TO UN SECURITY COUNCIL TO ENSURE NEXT PRESIDENT CAN’T UNDO IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL,"Our current  President  must have staff working around the clock finding ways to circumvent Congress Last March, 47 Republicans led by Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas wrote a letter warning Iran s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, that a future U.S. president could legally revoke any nuclear deal that had been negotiated by Barack Obama s administration with the stroke of a pen. They clearly didn t realize that the White House has a way of making that much harder to do.The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, on Monday circulated a legally binding draft to the 15-member U.N. Security Council that, if adopted, would give the body s backing to the landmark nuclear pact trading billions of dollars in sanctions relief for greater international scrutiny of Iran s nuclear energy program. It also instructs states to refrain from taking any actions that would undermine the agreement. The 14-page draft resolution, obtained by Foreign Policy, is likely to be put to a vote by early next week.The decision to take the deal to the Security Council before the U.S. Congress has concluded its own deliberations on the agreement places lawmakers in the uncomfortable position of potentially breaching a binding resolution by voting down the deal. The strategy has infuriated some Republican lawmakers, who see the administration making an end run around Congress.During a Tuesday phone call to Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce (R-Calif.) pressed him to put off a Security Council vote.  I urged that the Obama administration not seek action at the U.N. Security Council on the agreement before Congress can review it in detail during the legislatively mandated congressional review period,  Royce said in a statement.Congress is currently weighing whether to accept or reject the deal brokered by the United States, Iran, and five world powers. Under the terms of a U.S. law passed this year, lawmakers can prevent the president from lifting congressional sanctions on Iran, which would blow up the landmark nuclear deal.However, if a resolution is approved by the Security Council early next week, any president, Democrat or Republican, would be legally bound to enforce its terms. If Congress were to veto the deal, Congress   the United States of America   would be in noncompliance with this agreement and contrary to all of the other countries in the world. I don t think that s going to happen,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters Tuesday.Kerry suggested that the nuclear accord will likely win growing acceptance in Washington if Iran fully implements its obligations and is able to demonstrate  that they re not able or ready to make a bomb. I am convinced that whoever is our next president will see the wisdom of this agreement and they will leave it in place,  he added.On Capitol Hill, there are currently two schools of thought about the wisdom of taking a resolution to the U.N. Security Council prior to a vote in Congress.For some Republicans, the move is a dangerous subjugation of U.S. sovereignty and an insult to Congress s oversight role. Given that huge bipartisan majorities in both houses voted for legislation to prevent the president from implementing the agreement before congressional review, I think members from both sides of the aisle will see this tactic as an end run on Congress,  said Jamil Jaffer, a Republican and former chief counsel to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.Others, even those skeptical of a deal, prefer that the U.N. take action first so that Congress can better understand the accord it s approving or rejecting. It actually makes sense that we would go second because then we ll know what we re voting on,  said a congressional aide who focuses on the Iran nuclear portfolio.  If we went first, we d be in the uncomfortable position of approving something that could change depending on what s agreed on at the U.N. Indeed, the United States and its negotiating partners have not included some of the most controversial provisions   for instance, a decision to lift an embargo on conventional weaponry in five years and ease restrictions on the development and import of ballistic missile technology in eight years   in the nuclear accord that will be reviewed by Congress. Instead, those provisions are embedded in the new U.N. Security Council resolution, which congressional critics of the deal will have no power to block.The new draft resolution provides weaker restrictions on Iran s ballistic missile program than those contained in previous resolutions, which banned Iran from undertaking  any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.  The draft under consideration would only  call upon  Iran not to engage in such activities. It also includes no explicit prohibition on Iran s development or import of conventional missile technology. That means Iran can continue to advance its conventional ballistic missile program without violating the terms set by the U.N. Security Council.But acquiring foreign supplies for its missile program will still be constrained by the deal. A U.S. administration official familiar with the deliberations noted that the draft requires that any company trying to supply Iran with missile-related technology seek approval from a committee composed of representatives from key powers, including the United States. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Washington would use its position to  veto  the import of any sensitive missile technology into Iran.  The practical effect  of the new resolution is to preserve the same prohibitions contained in existing resolutions, said the official.  It prohibits effectively any transfer of missile technology, conventional or nuclear. According to an individual familiar with the talks, the compromise on the arms embargo and ballistic missile sanctions came at the eleventh hour of negotiations in Vienna. Iran, backed by Russia, insisted that a final deal lift all restrictions on conventional arms and ballistic missiles immediately. Seeking to break the impasse, Kerry  did some maneuvering between the Iranians and Russians and got it to a five-eight compromise,  meaning the conventional-arms embargo would be in effect for another five years and restrictions on ballistic missile technology would extend for eight years rather than lift immediately.  This was a Kerry special,  said the individual.Prior to the conclusion of the nuclear talks, Republicans such as New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte grilled Obama administration officials about the dangers of lifting sanctions on Iran that deter it from obtaining conventional weapons or ballistic missiles.Responding to a question from Ayotte last week, Gen. Martin Dempsey, the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that  under no circumstances should we relieve pressure on Iran relative to ballistic missile capabilities and arms trafficking. When Dempsey s remarks were raised during a press conference with Obama on Wednesday, the president pushed back, saying,  We are not taking the pressure off Iran with respect to arms and with respect to ballistic missiles. Instead, the president asserted, the new resolution would keep those restrictions in place while leaving Washington with a  host of other multilateral and unilateral authorities that allow us to take action where we see Iran engaged in those activities, whether it s six years from now or 10 years from now,  he said.Via: FP",Government News,"Jul 17, 2015",0
" Knowing They Have Idiot Viewers, Fox News Asserts Obama Won’t Be Running Again (VIDEO)","Sometimes in life you just need to state the obvious, especially if you re Fox News and your viewers still need to be reminded not to eat paste.It s pretty common knowledge that a president is only allowed to serve two terms in office, so either the folks over on Fox & Friends think that their viewers are stupid, they are reminding themselves, or this is brand new information to them and they think they are reporting breaking news for the first time.During the segment they showed President Obama explaining some of his biggest regrets as president, and how he wouldn t want to run for a third term even if he could, because it would be too big of a toll on his family. It was then that the hosts maneuvered their right-wing spin into saying that Hillary Clinton would be a third term of Obama.However, the most baffling part of the segment, alongside their love for George W. Bush, was when they were literally talking about a third term for Obama and what that would mean. Brian Kilmeade, while reading a tweet that read,  I believe he would beat anybody in the current GOP crop  decided to follow it up by saying: That could be the case. We ll see. Which is when Steve Doocy had to chime in and remind his cohost alongside viewers at home: But then again, he can t run. So, he wouldn t be running. Oh, Brian Kilmeade, there s a reason Bobby Moynihan portrays you as so scatterbrained and unintelligent on SNL, because you are.This really shouldn t be something that has to be explained to anyone in this day and age, but when dealing with Fox News and Fox News viewers, well, they seem to need a little bit more time to grasp facts and reality. Honestly, the look on Doocy s face as he explains to Kilmeade that Obama can t run again is priceless.Watch for yourself:  Video/Featured image: C&L",News,"January 25, 2016",0
"Mexico replaces top U.S. diplomats, citing hostile climate","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s government on Tuesday unexpectedly changed two of its top officials responsible for U.S. relations, citing concerns about an increasingly anti-Mexican climate across the border. Carlos Sada, previously the consul in Los Angeles, was named ambassador to the United States while Paulo Carreno, one of President Enrique Pena Nieto’s communications chiefs, was appointed the deputy foreign minister for North America. The new ambassador must still be approved by the Senate. “We have been warning that our citizens have begun to feel a more hostile climate,” Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu told local radio after the announcement. “This (anti-Mexican) rhetoric has made it clear that we have to act in a different way so that this tendency being generated doesn’t damage the bilateral relationship,” she added. Mexican government officials have expressed concern about the rise of Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump due to his repeated verbal attacks on Mexico, and his insistence that Mexico should be made to pay for a border wall. Trump on Tuesday threatened to block remittances from undocumented Mexican migrants if elected president unless the country pays billions for his planned wall. Trump also called Ford’s announcement that it would build more cars in Mexico “an absolute disgrace.” ",politicsNews,"April 5, 2016 ",1
 Uncle Tom CNN Guest Attacks Larry Wilmore: ‘What If Someone Called Sanders The K-Word?’ (VIDEO),"There s often much debate about the use of the n-word in any of its forms. You hear in rap music, or just among black folks as a term of familiarity in some black culture circles. This debate has been brought to light once again by Larry Wilmore s comedy routine at the White House Correspondents  Dinner. The comedian finished his bit by saying directly to President Obama: Yo, Barry. You did it, my n*gga. Well, there was one member of the black media who did not appreciate Wilmore s remarks, and he went on CNN with host Don Lemon to say so. SiriusXM host Joe Madison said of Wilmore: Can you imagine if the K word would have been used to describe Bernie Sanders?  The thing is, though that is not an accurate comparison. Most people don t even know what the K-Word is. For the record, it is an anti-Jewish slur. The word is  Kike.  Jewish people have never included this word in their own culture without it being a million percent offensive in any context. The same cannot be said for the n-word. Now, do I use it in any context? No. Absolutely not. I m black, but I despise that word for my own reasons. However, I do understand that there are contexts within Black circles where it is a term of endearment and is completely appropriate. This one of them.Madison went on to say that it was a sad occasion that after 8 years of this dinner, that s the last word that this distinguished group of people will hear in relation to this president. The second guest in the debate, April Reign, said that Madison was misguided on this one. She put it perfectly when she said that black folks need to stop worrying about the  white gaze  in response to such things. The thing is, worrying about what white folks think will get you far in life, because we live in such a racist society. However, playing that hand is, in and of itself, racist. Reign also went on to point out the obvious, which is that President Obama appreciated what Larry Wilmore said. I am sure he did. People do not like to admit it, but almost every minority you can think of has its own culture where its people are more comfortable. I know that I am, for example, much more comfortable in a gay bar than I could ever be in a straight club. Know why? Because those are my people. They get it. They get the experience. The same goes for how I feel with a bunch of black folks versus being with a bunch white folks. I am sure President Obama appreciated the cultural significance of what Larry Wilmore said, because for the last eight years he s not be able to be with his own people.Joe Madison and everyone else taking issue with Wilmore s routine really need to see themselves for what they are: Uncle Toms who want to distance themselves from black culture, which is seriously just a damn shame.Watch the video below:https://youtu.be/BK7k5kJEmxEFeatured image via video screen capture",News,"May 3, 2016",0
 Hateful Arizona Pastor Deported From Botswana After Saying Gays Should Be ‘Stoned to Death’ (VIDEO),"Wouldn t it be nice if we could just kick bigots out of our country? Well, that s exactly what happened when anti-gay Arizona pastor Stephen Anderson stopped by Botswana for a visit and decided to preach hate.Anderson s road to Botswana was an eventful one, with the United Kingdom banning him from so much as getting on a connecting flight in their country. This forced him to find a  roundabout  way to get to Botswana, where he intended to spend quite some time preaching. But after he suggested that homosexuals be stoned to death in a radio interview, Anderson learned that his hatred is not tolerated everywhere. I have identified Steven Anderson as an undesirable person to travel to South Africa,  Home Affairs Minister Malusi Gigaba told the BBC. The country s Constitution, unlike ours, prohibits hate speech against, among other things, the gay community (even though homosexual acts are illegal in Botswana)   and if you ve ever listened to Anderson speak for five minutes straight, you know hate speech is kind of his  thing.  The government even tweeted to inform everyone he had been declared a  prohibited immigrant :Pastor #StevenAnderson, a #USA citizen has been declared a Prohibited Immigrant and as such is being deported from #Botswana  Botswana Government (@BWGovernment) September 20, 2016What prompted his removal was a radio interview in which he said homosexuals should be  stoned to death.  Anderson also repeated his praise of the Pulse nightclub shooter. While he says he doesn t advocate violence, the victims were  disgusting homosexuals who the Bible says are worthy of death, the Bible says the government should put them to death, so why would I be sad if these horrible people died that the Bible says should die anyway. Anderson told his interviewer, who pointed out that the Bible supports slavery, that while he doesn t believe the Bible condones slavery (it does),  if it did then yes I would condone it  because  the Bible is always right and I am not smarter than God. In the past, Anderson has blamed the terrorist attacks in France earlier this year on the country s acceptance of  f*ggots, has called the Orlando massacre  good news  because a bunch of  f*ggots  died (he later expanded on that by adding that  perfect Christians  would  bathe  in the blood of the slaughtered innocents while singing praise to God), has prayed for the death of President Obama and asked God to rip out Caitlyn Jenner s heart and even suggested executing every gay person in the world  to cure AIDS. You can watch Anderson getting snagged by immigration officials below. If you re anything like me, you ll play it on repeat and laugh.You can see an interview with his camera guy here:Featured image via screen capture",News,"September 20, 2016",0
"Lost luggage: ""Mischievous"" Singapore handler sent bags astray at world's best airport","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A man who worked as a baggage handler at Singapore s Changi Airport swapped tags on hundreds of bags, sending the luggage to the wrong destinations, the Straits Times newspaper reported. Tay Boon Keh, a 63-year-old working as a baggage handler for a sub-contractor of the Changi Airport Group, was charged in court on Tuesday with 286 counts of mischief, the newspaper said. He did not explain his actions, but intends to plead guilty, it said. The next hearing is on Oct 17, when, if convicted, he can be jailed for up to one year and fined for each charge. Luggage originally bound for various parts of the world, including Perth, Manila, Frankfurt, London and San Francisco, was affected, according to court documents. Tay is believed to have changed baggage tags almost every day from November until February, they said. An airport spokesman said there was no breach of security. Nearly 59 million passengers used Changi Airport in 2016. The world s sixth busiest airport for international traffic, it flies passengers to 380 cities on over 100 airlines and was voted the world s best airport in 2017 by the Skytrax air travel consultancy. It handles about 70,000 bags per day, according to the Changi Airport Group website. ",worldnews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
" Trump Dominates South Carolina, Dooming The Republican Party","Iiiiiitttt ssssssss a wonderful day in the (White) neighborhood. It s a wonderful day in the (White) neighborhood. Won t you be my (White) neighbor?Donald Trump came to South Carolina and summoned the darkness at the heart of conservative politics like the Pied Piper incarnate. No amount of Bible-thumping, gun-toting or terrorist fear-mongering could draw the crowds away. They wanted one thing and one thing only: Someone to tell them that not only was their hate of Those People permissible, it was proper and necessary to  make America great again. With 99 percent of precincts reporting, Mr. Trump had won 32 percent of the vote and led his nearest rivals by about 10 percentage points. He was likely to capture all 50 delegates at stake in the state. Mr. Trump s victory here was not as sweeping as the one in New Hampshire, and there were warning signs as he showed weakness among women and younger voters. But he still won among both independents and Republicans, and among self-described evangelical Christians. He also seemed to have built a coalition that will remain with him through adversity: More than half of voters who made their decisions over a month ago picked Mr. Trump, exit polls showed.That is exciting news! Trump simply has no chance in the general election where his obnoxious racism would turn off much of the country and his general incompetence would lead many conservative voters to not vote. But more importantly, as I ve said many times, Trump has destroyed the illusion that the right wing cares about religion, morals or fetuses. They care about hating Those People and maintaining white supremacy. It s been their motivation for much of this country s history and that s why Trump is their man.Once Rubio or Cruz drop out of the race, the other might consolidate the remaining voters and pass Trump but there s little reason for either of them to do so. Cruz is in it for himself and Rubio is the pick of the Establishment. Trump, of course, is running on pure ego at this point. If this dynamic continues, all signs point to Trump as the nominee and that s the best news possible for Sanders and Clinton.Featured via AI archives",News,"February 21, 2016",0
U.S. government and North Carolina escalate legal fight over transgender law,"WASHINGTON/WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - A fight between the Obama administration and North Carolina over a state law limiting public bathroom access for transgender people escalated on Monday as both sides sued each other, trading accusations of civil rights violations and government overreach. The U.S. Justice Department’s complaint asked a federal district court in North Carolina to declare that the state is violating the 1964 Civil Rights Act and order it to stop enforcing the ban. Hours earlier, North Carolina’s Republican governor, Pat McCrory, and the state’s secretary of public safety sued the agency in a different federal court in North Carolina, accusing it of “baseless and blatant overreach.” The so-called bathroom law, passed in March and known as HB 2, prohibits people from using public restrooms not corresponding to their biological sex. It has thrust North Carolina into the center of a national debate over equality and privacy, and has now led the state into what could be a long and costly legal battle with the U.S. government. Americans are divided over how public restrooms should be used by transgender people, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll, with 44 percent saying people should use them according to their biological sex and 39 percent saying they should be used according to the gender with which they identify.       By passing the law, North Carolina became the first state in the country to ban people from using multiple occupancy restrooms or changing rooms in public buildings and schools that do not match the sex on their birth certificate. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Monday the department “retains the option” of curtailing federal funding to North Carolina unless it backs down. “None of us can stand by when a state enters the business of legislating identity and insists that a person pretend to be something or someone that they are not,” Lynch said at a news conference, comparing the measure to Jim Crow-era racial discrimination laws and bans on same-sex marriage. Lynch said the department is monitoring other U.S. jurisdictions that have passed or considered laws similar to North Carolina’s but declined to say whether the agency was planning any action against them.      White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the North Carolina law “mean-spirited” but McCrory said in his complaint that it is “common sense privacy policy.” North Carolina Republicans say the law stops men from posing as transgender to gain access to women’s restrooms.     North Carolina stands to lose $4.8 billion in funds, mainly educational grants, if it does not back down, according to an analysis by lawyers at the University of California, Los Angeles Law School. The Justice Department’s complaint named the state of North Carolina, McCrory, the state’s Department of Public Safety and the University of North Carolina system as defendants. The 17-campus University of North Carolina system says it takes federal non-discrimination laws very seriously but must also adhere to state laws like HB 2.     “In these circumstances, the University is truly caught in the middle,” UNC President Margaret Spellings said. McCrory told reporters that North Carolina had been forced to pass the law after the Charlotte city council passed an ordinance that allowed transgender people access to bathrooms based on gender identity in public and private buildings.   “We’re taking the Obama admin to court. They’re bypassing Congress, attempting to rewrite law & policies for the whole country, not just NC,” McCrory wrote on Twitter.   The Republican leaders of North Carolina’s state legislature also sued the U.S. government over the law on Monday, hours after McCrory’s lawsuit. The law is also being challenged in federal district court by critics including the American Civil Liberties Union.    ",politicsNews,"May 9, 2016 ",1
 ‘Charlottesville 3.0’: Nazis Descend Upon College Town For Another Torch-Lit Rally (TWEETS/IMAGES),"We all remember the horrific violence that occurred in Charlottesville, Virginia in August. White supremacists, Ku Klux Klan members, and other assorted white supremacists descended upon the historic college town to do violence, and they succeeded. Their efforts began with a torch lit march the night before, and continued with a rally the next day that quickly turned violent. It eventually ended in a white supremacist driving his car into a crowd of counter-protesters and killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Now, it seems that they are at it again.As of this writing, white nationalists are holding another torch lit march in Charlottesville. As despicable as that is, it s true. White supremacist leader Richard Spencer boasted that what he calls  Charlottesville 3.0  was, quote, a  success. Charlottesville 3.0 was as success. pic.twitter.com/c18ktP0MWD  Richard  ?Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) October 8, 2017Here is a photo of the horror unfolding there, courtesy of the anti-fascist website It s Going Down s Twitter:Neo-Nazis have rallied with torches again in #Charlottesville. At emancipation square. pic.twitter.com/h4EXXQsK4h  It's Going Down (@IGD_News) October 8, 2017This is the face of fascism in America, folks. This is what it has come to. Likely, they have another afternoon rally planned for tomorrow, if they were able to get a permit for the torch lit march. Further, there is likely to be more violence as well. That is what they want. Hopefully, no one gets killed this time.This story is breaking. Stay tuned to Addicting Info for further updates.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",News,"October 8, 2017",0
Australia defends alternative accommodation for asylum seekers against U.N. criticism,"SYDNEY/GENEVA (Reuters) - Australia s foreign minister said on Wednesday that asylum seekers occupying an abandoned Australian-run detention camp in Papua New Guinea (PNG) can relocate to alternative accommodation, challenging United Nations claims that the substitute site is unfinished and inadequate. Some 380 men have barricaded themselves into Manus Island center for more than 20 days without regular food or water supplies, defying attempts by Australia and PNG to close the facility. The asylum seekers say they fear for their safety if moved to the transit center, and risk being resettled in PNG or another developing nation permanently.  There is accommodation that is perfectly acceptable,  Australia s Foreign Minister, Julie Bishop, said in an interview with Australian Broadcasting Corp radio on Wednesday.  The stand-off on Manus Island can be ended if the men ... move from the regional processing center to the alternative accommodation that is being offered.  Mostly from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria, the men are held under Australia s strict  sovereign borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. The stand-off has attracted the attention of the United Nations, which is a long-time critic of the conditions experienced by asylum seekers held in Australia s offshore camps. Nai Jit Lam, a regional representative for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, told a U.N. briefing in Geneva on Tuesday that asylum seekers  are still not adequately provided for outside the center .  It s still under construction ... we saw for ourselves that they are trying to complete the site as quickly as possible but the fact remains that major work is still in progress,  Lam said in a satellite phone call from Manus Island. Australia says allowing asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores would only encourage people smugglers in Asia and see more people risk their lives trying to make the perilous sea voyage. It rejected an offer from New Zealand to resettle 150 of the men to focus on sending up to 1,250 asylum seekers to the United States. Conditions at the abandoned facility are getting worse each day, according to Lam, with rubbish and human waste building up and medical supplies already exhausted. Papua New Guinea s Post-Courier newspaper reported on Tuesday that immigration officials would begin evicting the men on Wednesday, the fourth such deadline imposed on the refugees to leave since the camp s closure on Oct. 31. Papua New Guinea s Immigration department did not respond to a request for comment. ",worldnews,"November 22, 2017 ",1
Official in charge of State Department reorganization steps down,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official overseeing a reorganization of the State Department that has been criticized by current and former U.S. diplomats has stepped down after less than four months on the job, U.S. officials said on Monday. Maliz Beams, a former financial industry executive who was named State Department counselor on Aug. 17, is “stepping away” to return to Boston, said a department spokesman on condition of anonymity. Christine Ciccone, the department’s deputy chief of staff, will take over the agency’s “redesign,” he added. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been criticized by current and former U.S. diplomats as well as by some members of Congress for his management of the agency, where may top posts have not been filled nearly 10 months into Tillerson’s tenure. The department has also seen an exodus of senior diplomats. Tillerson defended the department when he was recently asked about morale problems and concerns that the agency was being weakened. “The redesign is going to address all of that. And this department is performing extraordinarily well, and I take exception to anyone who characterizes otherwise. It’s just not true,” he said on Nov. 20. State Department officials observing the reorganization say it has been plagued with uncertainty both about what Tillerson wants to achieve and how to go about it. “If the one thing she (Beams) was asked to do was the redesign and she is quitting ... how does this not reflect poorly on the overall management of this enterprise, that is the redesign?” said one official who spoke on condition of anonymity. Another State Department official said Beams had left of her own volition and was not fired. Beams did not immediately respond to voicemails left at her office and Massachusetts phone numbers or to an email sent to her State Department address. The State Department spokesman declined comment on criticism of the reorganization. A congressional aide said the effort is so amorphous that Congress is unable to pass legislation to give the agency the legal authority to make changes. “To do that we would need to have some road map - something - and none of that has been provided,” said the aide, who spoke on condition of anonymity.  ",politicsNews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
SHOCKER! CNN POLITICAL DIRECTOR On Trump’s First 50 Days: ‘The business community could not be more enthusiastic’, ,politics,"Mar 11, 2017",0
LNA-linked groups appear responsible for east Libya killings: HRW,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The bodies of 36 men found near the eastern Libyan town of al-Abyar in October appear to have been summarily executed by armed groups loyal to Khalifa Haftar s Libyan National Army (LNA), Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday. Local police found the bodies on a main road about 50 km east of Benghazi in an area controlled by the LNA. Shortly afterwards, the LNA said it was launching an investigation. Libya is divided between rival governments and armed factions. The LNA controls most of the east, where Haftar has expanded his power over the past three years, waging a long campaign against Islamists and other opponents for control of Benghazi.   Haftar s buy-in is seen as crucial for any effective political deal to unify the oil-rich North African country, and he has been increasingly courted by Western powers.  The bodies found near al-Abyar were the latest in a number of such cases in eastern Libya.  Relatives of six of the victims told HRW they had been seized from their homes on different dates by armed groups loyal to the LNA in Benghazi or other locations, the U.S.-based group said in statement. All the relatives said that the victims bore gunshot wounds and had their hands tied behind their backs, and that families had been prevented from putting up tents outside their houses in Benghazi to receive guests during a traditional three-day mourning period, HRW added.  It cited a forensic investigator who reviewed pictures of 23 of the bodies as saying the injuries were consistent with executions at point-blank range.   The Libyan National Army s pledges to conduct inquiries into repeated unlawful killings in areas under their control in eastern Libya have so far led nowhere,  said Eric Goldstein, HRW s deputy Middle East and North Africa director.   The LNA will be condoning apparent war crimes if their pledge to investigate the gruesome discovery in al-Abyar proves to be another empty promise.  An LNA spokesman gave no immediate comment. The LNA has said it is investigating the commander of an elite forces unit who is sought by the International Criminal Court (ICC) for allegedly executing dozens of prisoners, though his exact whereabouts remain unclear. ",worldnews,"November 29, 2017 ",1
GRAB THE POPCORN! Queen Of Corruption DENIED Special Treatment For First Debate,"The Drudge Report has gained access to the rules for the upcoming Mega-Debate between Hillary and Trump. Hillary s always angling for an advantage, and when it comes to the mainstream media, Hillary usually gets exactly what she wants. It looks like she ll get a custom podium to help her with the height advantage, but when it comes to coughing up a lung, Hillary s on her own. Let s hope for Hillary s sake, she s able to keep the guy with the diazinon pen close to the stage in case  unfit to run for office Hillary  has another  pneumonia-related incident  like the one on 911 DEBATE RULES: NO COUGHING BREAKS **Exclusive** Fri Sep 23 2016 11:30:40 ETIf presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton slips into a coughing fit or any other medical crisis during Monday s high-stakes debate, she will have to power through, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned! There are no commercial breaks,  a commission source explains.  Period. Debate moderator Lester Holt does not have the authority to cut away from the stage during the epic 90-minute showdown. And microphone audio for either of the candidates is not to be manipulated.Clinton has experienced severe coughing episodes throughout the election year. During a Labor Day campaign stop she suffered a 4-minute choking marathon.Monday s throwdown could top out at 100 million viewers, making it the biggest political event in history.EDITOR S NOTE: The presidential debate commission settled an early flashpoint when Clinton demanded a step-stool at the podium to add height to her 5 4  frame. Campaign Chairman John Podesta expressed concern that Hillary would be dwarfed by 6 2  Trump. The request was quickly rejected. The commission is allowing for a custom-made podium, which will accommodate the difference in stature.",politics,"Sep 24, 2016",0
EXPOSED: Facebook Blacklists Conservative News & Falsified ‘Black Lives Matter’ Trend,"21st Century Wire says Censorship is running rampant on the world s largest social media website.Watch a video of this report here:. Former Facebook workers have come out with shocking revelations that the social media giant is actively censoring conservative news topics and reports, while also falsifying its list of  trending  topics.The source says that workers routinely prevented stories about the right-wing CPAC gathering, Mitt Romney, Rand Paul, and other conservative topics from appearing in the highly-influential section, despite the fact that they were organically trending on the site.The workers were known as  news curators , and even actively  injected  news stories and reports into the trending list even when they were not organically popular enough to be included.Facebook claims that the site s news trends section  shows you topics that have recently become popular on Facebook , but these revelations mean that the section actually just reflects the personal biases of its owners and the institutional concerns of the corporation.The anonymous source said: Depending on who was on shift, things would be blacklisted or trending, I believe it had a chilling effect on conservative news, I d come on shift and I d discover that CPAC or Mitt Romney or Glenn Beck or popular conservative topics wouldn t be trending because either the curator didn t recognize the news topic or it was like they had a bias against Ted Cruz. The source kept an active log of the omissions, which included former IRS official Lois Lerner, who was accused by Republicans of inappropriately scrutinizing conservative groups; Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker; popular conservative news aggregator the Drudge Report; Chris Kyle, the former Navy SEAL who was murdered in 2013; and former Fox News contributor Steven Crowder.Yet, while omissions are worrying, the scariest aspect of this story is how Facebook actively injects falsified trends into the news feeds of its one billion users. The corporation can fraudulently set not only a national, but international, conversation on a topic of its choosing and also skew its bias toward which ever way its owners lean.The source continued: Facebook got a lot of pressure about not having a trending topic for Black Lives Matter. They realized it was a problem, and they boosted it in the ordering. They gave it preference over other topics. When we injected it, everyone started saying,  Yeah, now I m seeing it as number one . The Black Lives Matter movement is widely credited as having originated from social media, but this suggests that its true origins lie elsewhere in the hands of very small group of elite  news curators  seeking to implement their own personal agenda in American politics.Facebook s response to these damning revelations is most definitely lacking: We take allegations of bias very seriously. Facebook is a platform for people and perspectives from across the political spectrum. Trending Topics shows you the popular topics and hashtags that are being talked about on Facebook. There are rigorous guidelines in place for the review team to ensure consistency and neutrality. These guidelines do not permit the suppression of political perspectives. Nor do they permit the prioritization of one viewpoint over another or one news outlet over another. These guidelines do not prohibit any news outlet from appearing in Trending Topics. READ MORE ON FACEBOOK S SCHEMING: 21st Century Wire Facebook Files",Middle-east,"May 10, 2016",0
Zakharova Slams CIA Chief Pompeo: Stop Making Up Anti-Russian Fiction,"21st Century Wire says With the ongoing hysteria constantly spouting from the American mainstream media about alleged  Russian meddling  in the 2016 election which saw Donald Trump elected as president of the United States, the world is still awaiting a single shred of real evidence to support the establishment s conspiracy theory. To date, none has surfaced. The intelligence community has said that this election was meddled with by the Russians in a way that frankly is not particularly original. They ve been doing this for an awfully long time, and we are decades into the Russians trying to undermine American democracy,  CIA chief Mike Pompeo told MSNBC s Hugh Hewitt in an exclusive interview that aired Saturday, June 24.Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, has made a noteworthy response to Pompeo s comments.via Russia InsiderTranslation: We could not but take note of and comment on the June 24 statement by CIA Director Mike Pompeo during his NBC interview. The statement dealt with Russia s alleged long time attempts to undermine the American democracy and meddling in the US elections. It appears that in his opinion Russia s longtime attempts to undermine the US democracy have culminated in the interference in US elections. As we know the issue of Russia s meddling in the election process has become a favorite media story and an obsession in the United States. This story has been adopted by anti-Russia propagandists. This issue continues to pick up momentum and is mentioned in statements by officials who are trying to accuse Russia of engaging in unlawful actions but who have failed to produce any evidence to date.We would like to remind them about some outstanding pages of US history. Unlike the Americans, we have real facts at our disposal, and we know what we should focus on. It is common knowledge that since the early 1990s the United States had voiced its intentions to establish a Jeffersonian democracy in Russia. But the very fact of setting such a task completely runs counter to the ideas of Thomas Jefferson, one of the founding fathers of the American nation and democracy. All of us know he called for respecting various forms of government, chosen by other nations and said the United States would not impose its will anywhere. He was mistaken. Thomas Jefferson referred to the idea of dictating the form of government to an independent country as arrogant, brutal and outrageous.It appears that the ideologists of the present-day America have very poor knowledge of their own history and the foundations of their statehood, if the concepts of  exporting democracy  and  humanitarian intervention  have become their favorite method for conducting an aggressive foreign policy as part of their national concept. For decades, dozens of countries all over the world have been suffering from US-imposed sate system formulas they are trying to equate all countries under one and the same pattern, without any consideration for what makes each of them unique. This policy and experiments cannot be called harmless. In the past few years Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Egypt, Syria and Ukraine have fallen prey to this concept. Needless to say, al-Qaeda in all its manifestations, ISIS and other radical terrorist groups of all religious denominations evolved on the fertile soil created by the Americans and in fact often were the brainchildren of these forces.Generous financial injections in the form of projects and grants through numerous foundations and NGOs is another  grey zone  through which the United States has been trying to influence political processes all over the world for many years. Russia virtually tops the list of these allocations. Various government and non-government organizations, including the Peace Corps, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the National Democratic Institute, the International Republican Institute and many other similar agencies, have been planting their agents for decades in order to penetrate the Russian political establishment and media community and to influence public opinion. According to some sources, the US has spent 5 Billion dollars for these purposes in the 1990s alone. It is very strange that, while making such statements, Mr. Pompeo forgets that many decisions stipulating the allocation of funding were approved by his own agency. It is strange that Washington forgets the fact that in the run-up to the 1996 Russian presidential election, the Federal Reserve bank delivered $500 million in cash to the US Embassy in Moscow under a far-fetched pretext of avoiding frenzied demand during the exchange of old $100 notes. Operatives from the CIA s Moscow Embassy station, headed by Michael Sulick, virtually slept on the money bags, while guarding them. Foreign-made cars delivered small batches of money from the Embassy to certain individuals.Who did the US sponsor using this money? I believe we will also learn this someday. I do not mean our assumptions, everything is clear here  Well will know the specific names, dates and so on. Here are only a few examples of diverse US activities aiming to undermine stability in various regions worldwide and in those areas that are not ready to follow American instructions. We are in no way demanding that Mr. Pompeo should stop his rhetoric because this is in the realm of fiction. One should simply understand that every action has an equal and opposite reaction. We are ready. READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"August 21, 2017",0
U.S. to send more troops to Iraq to tackle Islamic State,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United States will send more troops to Iraq and will put them closer to the front lines of battle there to advise Iraqi forces in the war against Islamic State militants.  U.S. defense officials said on Monday that Washington will deploy about 200 additional troops, mostly as advisers for Iraqi troops as they advance towards Mosul, the largest Iraqi city still under Islamic State control. “As we see the Iraqis willing to fight and gaining ground, let’s make sure that we are providing them more support,” U.S. President Barack Obama said in an interview with CBS News. “My expectation is that by the end of the year, we will have created the conditions whereby Mosul will eventually fall,” Obama said. The United States has also authorized the use of Apache attack helicopters to help the Iraqis as they can provide quicker air support and precision fire. The advisers will accompany Iraqi units of about 2,500 troops moving closer to the front lines of battle. Until now, the advisers were limited to larger divisions of about 10,000 troops located further back from the battlefield.  The change will allow them to offer quicker advice to Iraqi troops as they try to retake Mosul, likely facing stiff resistance from an entrenched enemy. But it could also leave the U.S. advisers more vulnerable to enemy mortars and artillery. “This will put Americans closer to the action,” U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said. “Their whole purpose is to be able to help those forces respond in a more agile way.” The decision to enlarge the U.S. military force was made in close concert with Iraqi authorities, said Carter, who met U.S. commanders and Iraqi officials including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on a visit to Baghdad. Iraq is engulfed in a political crisis over anti-corruption reforms that is crippling state institutions and threatening to slow the campaign against the militants.     The increase raises the authorized troop level in Iraq to  4,087, not including special operations personnel, some logistics workers and troops on temporary rotations.  The Pentagon will also provide up to $415 million to Kurdish peshmerga military units, who have played an important role in pushing back Islamic State in northern Iraq. Part of that funding will likely be spent on basics like food, said Lieutenant General Sean MacFarland, head of the U.S.-led coalition battling Islamic State. “Right now the peshmerga are not getting enough calories to keep them in the field,” MacFarland said. The increase is the latest move by the United States, which invaded Iraq in 2003 to overthrow Saddam Hussein, to step up its campaign against the hardline Sunni jihadists. Since December, Iraqi forces trained by the U.S. military and backed by coalition air strikes have taken back territory from Islamic State, which seized swathes of Iraq and Syria in 2014. Some U.S. troops already in Iraq will be shifted to establishing logistics for Iraqi forces as they move towards Mosul, Carter said. These include supply lines, particularly important as Mosul is 400 km (250 miles) north of Baghdad. Most of the new U.S. advisers, who will make up the bulk of the new troops, will be Army Special Forces, as are the about  100 advisers now in Iraq. The rest of the troops announced on Monday include support crew for the Apaches and security forces to protect the advisers. The United States will also deploy an additional long-range rocket artillery unit to support Iraqi ground forces in the battle for Mosul, Carter said. Two such batteries are already in place in Iraq. The officials did not rule out the possibility that lasting success might require further U.S. commitments. “If it doesn’t take us all the way, we’ll come back and have another discussion and ask for more if we need to,” McFarland said. ",politicsNews,"April 18, 2016 ",1
" Fox News Host Trashes GOP Candidates, Says The Debate Was An Embarrassment (VIDEO)","The Republican Party is truly screwed if Fox News is thinking like this.During an appearance on the O Reilly Factor on Friday night, Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace delivered a scathing analysis of the GOP Debate held on Thursday, calling it an  embarrassment for the Republican Party. Let me just say first of all- big picture- I thought it was an embarrassment for the Republican party. There were a lot of shots taken, a lot of shots scored, but there was precious little vision. Almost no serious discussion of issues, you know, what are are you going to do, how are are you going to improve people s lives? If you saw someone acting presidentially on that stage, you got better eyesight than I do. Here s the video via YouTube:Indeed, the GOP Debate was a complete circus that saw every candidate sniping at each other with ridiculous attacks. Clearly, Trump brought Cruz and Rubio down to his level of gutter politics.Here s a clip demonstrating the debate in a nutshell:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;#GOPDebate In A NutshellIn case you couldn t watch the laughable mess that was the GOP debate, here s the clip that really showcases what it came down to. Do ANY of them seem presidential? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Want to make it extra fun? Tag your favorite Republican friend and ask them to explain this.Like Americans Against The Republican Party for more!Posted by Americans Against The Republican Party on Thursday, February 25, 2016It truly was a pathetic display that should horrify the Republican Party and the American people. And Republicans only have themselves to blame because they welcomed crazy extremists into the mainstream of the party years ago when they sold out to the Tea Party in 2010. Now it s coming back to bit them in the ass so hard that not even Fox News can spin them out of it.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"February 28, 2016",0
Freeport Indonesia reopens mine access after shootings,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The Indonesian unit of Freeport-McMoRan Inc has reopened the main supply route to its huge copper mine in Papua, the company said on Monday, after the road was closed on Sunday following a shooting incident in the area.  No one was reported injured when shots were fired at an escort vehicle traveling from the lowlands, but Freeport canceled all convoys along the road on Sunday afternoon while the security situation was assessed.  Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said the temporary closure has had no impact on production at the world s second-biggest copper mine.  The incident was the latest in a string of shootings near the mine since mid-August that have killed one police officer and wounded at least six others. Authorities have declared a state of emergency and stepped up security in the area around Tembagapura village, about 10 km from the mine.  The separatist West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), a group linked to the Free Papua Movement, has said it is at war with police, military and Freeport. It was not immediately clear if TPN-OPM was behind Sunday s shooting.  Police in Indonesia s eastern-most province on Sunday said they would issue a notice to an  armed criminal group  that authorities say are occupying villages in Mimika regency, where Freeport s Grasberg mine is located, and demand that rebels surrender their weapons and turn themselves in.  Timika Police chief Victor Mackbon said they were investigating reports that an employee of PT Freeport had been kidnapped by an armed criminal group. Freeport spokesman Pratama said he could not confirm the reports of a kidnapping. He also said he could not confirm police reports that a Freeport excavator had been used by the group to dig up a road to Banti, one of the villages authorities said was occupied by the rebel group.  Freeport is  deeply concerned  about the escalation of violence, Pratama said, adding that the company was working with authorities to ensure the safety of its workers and the local community.  Grasberg workers have become  uneasy  amid the security concerns, union representative Tri Puspital told Reuters, urging police to handle the matter more carefully. Despite a long history of shooting incidents in the region, efforts to end the violence had been  sporadic, and not effective,  Puspital said, but warned that a  hard  approach could further escalation.  Part of the problem is a perception locally that most of the benefits from Grasberg go to the  political elite , he said.  About 200 officers were standing by to secure the area by force if necessary, police officials said.  Papua has had a long-running, and sometimes violent, separatist movement since the province was incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticized 1969 U.N.-backed referendum.  Foreign journalists have in the past required special permission to report in Papua, and once there, have had security forces restrict their movement and work.  President Joko Widodo has pledged to make the region more accessible to foreign media by inviting reporters on government-sponsored trips, although coverage remains difficult.  ",worldnews,"November 13, 2017 ",1
 WV Republican AG Spokeswoman BUSTED Appearing In Racist KKK Propaganda (VIDEO),"You know what s adorable? When a white supremacist  Christian  attempts to  Jesus  his or her way out of trouble after getting caught being him or herself. In this case, we re talking about West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey s now-former spokeswoman s participation in an extremely popular white supremacist propaganda video. THE  Stop White Genocide  Video  features a bunch of women reciting lines from  The Mantra,  a sort of ode to whiteness written by popular South Carolina racist Bob Whitaker. The video, which boasts that is has previously been removed from YouTube and that it is banned in 18 countries, features Carrie Bowe reciting many lines that will surely embarrass everyone she holds dear. One line spoken by Bowe lays the groundwork for a string of hate speech even your racist, drunk uncle wouldn t break out at Thanksgiving dinner:I ve been thinking a lot about a phrase I ve been hearing: that anti-racist is a code-word for anti-white.The women, including Bowe, complain about the  obvious truth about the ongoing program of genocide  against the white race. In fact, the former spokeswoman even has the final speaking line:  Anti-racist is a code word for anti-white. Bowe, who started working for WV s Republican attorney general in January 2015, was fired within hours of the Charleston Gazette-Mail exposing her role in the racist video. The employee s conduct and statements, which occurred years before being employed by the attorney general s office, were not previously disclosed until today, which is contrary to the transparency requirements for being a member of this office, do not reflect the opinion or the perspective of the attorney general or this office,  Morrisey spokesman Curtis Johnson wrote in a statement regarding the termination.Bowe inexplicably claims that she didn t know what the finished product would look like despite the horrific phrases she personally spouts off in the white supremacist garbage video. In a post on Facebook, she attempts to garner sympathy from her friends by not even mentioning what she did:Bowe told West Virginia Public Broadcasting that she is embarrassed and heartbroken  because she thought the video was meant to further discussion on race relation from a white perspective  an  assertion easily disproved by the very choice phrases she spoke. Growing up, you could not question why some races could talk or behave a certain way and it was seen as OK, whereby if the behavior was repeated by a white person, it was automatically racist,  Bowe explained.  As a child and a teenager, the inability to even question this was confusing and, really, the opposite of the honest dialogue we need to have in order to understand different cultures and their history better. She has not explained how the  final solution to the black problem  she references ties into an open, healthy discussion on race relations.One must wonder: was she fired because she spouted off KKK rhetoric, or was it because Morissey wants to be re-elected? In any case, we re sure there s a spot for her with the Trump campaign.Watch the video below:Featured image via screengrab",News,"August 26, 2016",0
Kremlin: U.S. to blame for no Putin-Trump bilateral meeting in Vietnam,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Sunday that inflexibility on the part of the United States was to blame for the lack of a bilateral meeting  between Russia’s President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump during a summit in Vietnam. Trump and Putin met briefly on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam on Saturday and agreed on a joint statement supporting a political solution for Syria, but did not hold substantive bilateral talks. “Unfortunately the American side did not offer any alternatives despite all efforts of our Russian colleagues. There was only one time offered that was convenient for the American side, and only one place offered, which had already been rented by the Americans,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was quoted as saying by the RIA news agency. “The Americans showed no flexibility, and unfortunately did not offer any other alternative proposals. That is why the meeting could not happen,” Peskov added. Putin himself said on Saturday the lack of a bilateral meeting with Trump in Vietnam was due to both leaders’ schedules and protocol obstacles that their teams had been unable to  overcome. Allegations that Trump’s election campaign colluded with Moscow last year to turn voters away from Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton have hampered the president’s efforts to improve frosty U.S.-Russian relations. Putin renewed his denial of the allegations during his brief meeting with Trump on Saturday. Trump has previously said the accusations of collusion were a hoax. ",politicsNews,"November 12, 2017 ",1
Spanish Supreme Court frees Catalan parliament speaker on bail,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge on Thursday freed on bail the Catalan parliament s speaker and four lawmakers while authorities continue to investigate their roles in Catalonia s banned independence drive. The Supreme Court had summoned them to answer charges of rebellion after they enabled an Oct. 27 declaration of independence that prompted the Spanish government to dissolve the Catalan parliament and sack the regional administration. Speaker Carme Forcadell will be transferred to the Alcala Meco prison outside Madrid and kept there until she pays 150,000-euro bail, court sources said. The four lawmakers must pay bail of 25,000 euros while a fifth was released without bail. Judge Pablo Llarena wrote in Thursday s ruling:  All the accused ... have expressed that either they renounce future political activity or, those that remain active, will in future renounce any actions outside the constitutional framework.  The judge s decision to reject prosecutors  requests to jail them gives the separatists, whose leader Carles Puigdemont went into self-imposed exile in Belgium last week, some breathing space as lower courts have been steadily tightening the legal noose. Eight former members of the Catalan government and the leaders of the two main pro-independence grassroots groups remain in custody awaiting trial at the High Court on charges of rebellion and sedition. On Thursday, the High Court rejected an appeal presented by their lawyers for their release, a court spokeswoman said. The High Court last week issued an arrest warrant on rebellion charges for Puigdemont, the former regional government president, and four former members of his cabinet who are with him in Brussels. After the ruling, Puigdemont tweeted:  Carme Forcadell will spend the night in prison for allowing a democratic debate. For allowing speaking and voting! That s Spanish democracy for you.  The Catalan independence push has deeply divided Spain, dragging it into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago and fuelling anti-Spanish sentiment in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere. The struggle has also divided Catalonia itself, and cracks have begun appearing within the pro-independence movement. On Tuesday, Puigdemont s PDeCAT party failed to agree on a united ticket to contest a regional election with another secessionist party, making it difficult for the pro-independence camp to govern Catalonia after the vote and press ahead with its bid to split from Spain. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called the election following the independence declaration, which the Constitutional Court ruled was against the constitution. Forcadell earlier told the Supreme Court that the declaration was not legally binding, according to court sources, in a comment that could undermine the secessionist push. At the time she described Rajoy s actions as a  coup  and an  attack against democracy . The Supreme Court on Thursday took a softer tone than the High Court did in its own ruling that jailed the former government members.  Citizens supporting an idea of independence is legitimate,  Judge Llarena wrote. But, he added:  It can be excluded that the accused aspired to gain independence through legal means.  The Supreme Court decided on Thursday to take over two other cases against Forcadell and the lawmakers currently overseen by a Catalan court, suggesting its judges were looking to centralize all legal proceedings involving the independence vote under one roof. The Supreme Court, which handles cases against defendants with parliamentary immunity, has legal powers to also take over the Spanish High Court case involving the government members but so far has made no statement on its intentions. ",worldnews,"November 9, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: Secret Service Laptop STOLEN From Vehicle In Bronx…You Won’t Believe What’s On It!,"A laptop computer containing floor plans for Trump Tower, information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information was stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn, police sources told the Daily News.Authorities have been frantically searching for the laptop since it was stolen Thursday morning.Some items stolen along with the laptop   including coins and a black bag with the Secret Service insignia on it   were later recovered.But the laptop, along with other documents described as  sensitive,  were still being sought.The thief stepped out of a car, possibly an Uber, on a street in Bath Beach and stole the laptop from the agent s vehicle, which was parked in the driveway of her home.He was then seen on video walking away from the scene with a backpack.The agent reported the laptop contained floor plans for Trump Tower, evacuation protocols and information regarding the investigation of Hillary Clinton s private email server.The agent also told investigators that while nothing about the White House or foreign leaders is stored on the laptop, the information on there could compromise national security.The thief also took  sensitive  documents and the agent s access keycard, though the level of the agent s access wasn t immediately clear.  NY Daily News",politics,"Mar 17, 2017",0
 Bill O’Reilly Says Our Economy Will IMPLODE If We Don’t Keep Pushing Poverty,"When Bill O Reilly calls himself a journalist, he shows he has no idea what that word actually means because he seems to be wholly unable to fact-check anything. On The O Reilly Factor Wednesday night, he went after Democrats and the economy the same way Republicans love to, by attacking the idea of helping low-wage workers as something that will destroy absolutely everyone.Basically, he believes that if we want people to live comfortably on only 40 hours of work per week, we ll have to raise wages so high that we ll cause the U.S. economy to collapse. In fact, he seems to think that reducing poverty by raising the minimum wage is a radical left-wing, fringe idea that will ruin our economy if we actually go ahead and implement it.In short, he says it s a horrible idea because he has no idea how our economy works.The funny thing is that he used to trumpet a higher minimum wage   at least, he used to support a $10/hr minimum wage. However, he s also claimed that raising the minimum wage will only help a tiny fraction of the population, because reasons. Why hurt everyone to only help a very few people who don t deserve it anyway, right?He s also accused the government of at least being a major contributor to the problem, if not the whole source of the problem.  Big government doesn t work,  he says, while literally millions of Americans are the victims of corporate greed. No, earning power has not improved much under President Obama, but there are two problems that Billo the Clown is overlooking: First is an obstructionist Congress, and second is just how limited the president s power actually is when it comes to the economy. If Congress won t do what he wants, even on economic measures, then he s stuck except for where federal contractors are concerned.There s a reason Bill O Reilly has earned the nickname  Billo the Clown,  and it s because of utter bull cookies like this. He fancies himself a journalist. The facts are not on his side.Featured image by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for The Rumble 2012",News,"July 13, 2016",0
MUSLIM REFUGEES BUSTED Going Back to the Countries They Claim to Have Fled for VACATION [Video],"The scene below is from the movie KILLING EUROPE :Terrorist attacks, riots, and gang rapes are striking at the very foundations of Europe. This is the story of a Danish expatriate and his quest to uncover the growing issues within the European society he left 15 years ago, challenging the viewer with a vision of a Europe undergoing drastic and far reaching changes.Michael Hansen, a.k.a.  The Missing Dane , came to America fifteen years ago from Denmark. He recently returned to Europe to make a documentary about the changes that have occurred since he left. The result is a 90-minute film called Killing Europe, which takes a hard look at all the cultural enrichment that has produced Modern Multicultural Europe.From the notes for the trailer:Terrorist attacks, riots, and gang rapes are striking at the very foundations of Europe. This is the story of a Danish expatriate and his quest to uncover the growing issues within the European society he left fifteen years ago, challenging the viewer with a vision of a Europe undergoing drastic and far reaching changes.Vlad Tepes interviewed the Missing Dane a few days ago about his documentary:THIS GUY IS AMAZING!",politics,"Oct 6, 2017",0
"As Texans' claims pour in, Congress mulls flood insurance program's future","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Krassi Nikov evacuated his Houston home with more than 2 feet (61 cm) of water inside of it on Tuesday after Tropical Storm Harvey devastated Texas’ Gulf Coast. He now plans to collect on his flood insurance for the second time this year and rebuild. But the future of the federal government-run flood insurance program on which Nikov, 63, and other property owners in vulnerable areas depend rests with the U.S. Congress. Congress will soon be asked to renew the National Flood Insurance Program, which expires at the end of September. While a simple extension of the program has wide bipartisan support, some lawmakers are calling for broad reform. The program had received 35,000 claims from Texas by midday on Wednesday, according to Roy Wright, its administrator, who described it as a “very fast” pace. Wright said he was confident Congress would reauthorize the program, but he added that the program would only be prevented from selling new policies or renewing existing ones if it were to lapse.  “It does not affect ability to accept claims,” Wright said. Republicans advocating changes to the program want private companies to write the policies, which they say would result in premium prices that more accurately reflect risks. Additionally, they want the U.S. government to stop charging the program interest, with the savings to be used for flood mitigation.  That could set up a difficult battle. Conservatives have voiced concerns that the insurance program has about $25 billion of debt, while Democrats say the Republicans’ plan to allow private-market plans would be more expensive for homeowners.  A bipartisan group of lawmakers from coastal states  including Senators Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, and Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, have been pushing for changes to the program. The NFIP has been reauthorized 17 times since it was created in 1968, with the last time occurring in 2012. It has been allowed to lapse just four times. Many lobbyists believe Congress is unlikely to attempt a sweeping reform of the program before the end of September, given a busy legislative schedule that includes approving funding to avoid a government shutdown and raising the debt ceiling. Congress also faces pressure to pass an aid package to help the devastated Gulf Coast. Goldman Sachs said in a research note on Tuesday that early estimates suggested Harvey would cost “in the range of $30 billion.”   Instead, most observers expect Congress to pass a short-term extension of the program, ranging from three months to a year. Leaders in Congress are weighing whether to attach it to another piece of legislation such as a continuing resolution to fund the government, according to several lobbyists following the issue. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan’s office said it was confident the program would be reauthorized.     U.S. Representative Jeb Hensarling, a Republican who chairs the House Financial Services Committee, said in a Bloomberg television interview on Monday that he hoped his package of reforms could gain full approval before the end of next month. Hensarling wants to renew the program for five years if private insurers are allowed to write the flood policies. But a business lobbyist who consults for many large American companies and follows the issue closely said Hensarling lacked the support to get his package passed by the House when Congress left for its August recess.  “I don’t think they’re at the point now where they have the votes,” the lobbyist said. He added that trying to overhaul the program would be a distraction for federal emergency officials and the flood insurance program.   “Even if there was a package of reforms ready to go, (the agencies) are not going to have the bandwidth to deal with some kind of reform package,” he said.  In a letter to Ryan and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi sent on Monday, 100 House Democrats expressed concerns about the Hensarling package, saying they would not vote for the full package despite believing flood insurance reauthorization was crucial.  “Most of these bills do not meet the goals of affordability, availability, increased mitigation efforts or improved mapping,” the letter said.   Jerry Howard, head of the National Home Builders Association, said the group had endorsed Hensarling’s package and was hopeful the bills would pass quickly.  Emily Naden of the Building Owners and Managers Association, which in Houston alone represents owners and managers of 312 million square feet of office space and accounts for 43,000 jobs, said the organization had been pushing for reforms but must prioritize avoiding a lapse in coverage. “For us, we absolutely need the program to be re-upped without a lapse – a lapse is incredibly detrimental to all of our policy members,” she said. ",politicsNews,"August 30, 2017 ",1
WIFE OF LIONS QUARTERBACK Matthew Stafford Just Sent A BRUTAL MESSAGE To NFL Players Who Disrespect Our Flag,"Not only is Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford s wife drop-dead gorgeous, she s also smart, patriotic, and apparently outspoken when it comes to professional athletes who refuse to stand for our national anthem. We couldn t stop smiling, as we read Kelly Stafford s passionate and patriotic Instagram message to her husband s fellow NFL players.Here s what Stafford wrote: If you think the country can be better, stand for the ideal. If you think the answer is people showing unity, stand with them. The anthem is not the national police song. The anthem is not the national racists song. The anthem is an exercise in how this country can endure and rise, how we can agree on its future potential, even while struggling with its present.The anthem s words depict a flag that is suffering through bombs and rockets. You could easily view those bombs and rockets as the challenges our democracy faces today, and the flag a symbol of rising above them.  -Mitch albomI ve been hesitant to talk about this, as I know I will get backlash from it.. but I believe we can stand and show our unity against everything that doesn t represent what this flag stands for.Let s stand united against terrorists, against racism, against white supremacists, against killing of cops, against police brutality, against sex slave trafficking.. against anything that is not the ideal for this country.Let s unite in the fact that God made us all unique and different and that is something we should cherish. You can disagree with me and that is totally ok.. let s use this forum to discuss (not yell at each other) and listen to one another.Here is the actual Instagram post: If you think the country can be better, stand for the ideal. If you think the answer is people showing unity, stand with them. The anthem is not the national police song. The anthem is not the national racists song. The anthem is an exercise in how this country can endure and rise, how we can agree on its future potential, even while struggling with its present. The anthem s words depict a flag that is suffering through bombs and rockets. You could easily view those bombs and rockets as the challenges our democracy faces today, and the flag a symbol of rising above them.  -Mitch albom I ve been hesitant to talk about this, as I know I will get backlash from it.. but I believe we can stand and show our unity against everything that doesn t represent what this flag stands for. Let s stand united against terrorists, against racism, against white supremacists, against killing of cops, against police brutality, against sex slave trafficking.. against anything that is not the ideal for this country. Let s unite in the fact that God made us all unique and different and that is something we should cherish. You can disagree with me and that is totally ok.. let s use this forum to discuss (not yell at each other) and listen to one another. #landofthefree #homeofthebrave #illstandwithyou #nfl #standunited #unitedwestandA post shared by Kelly Stafford (@kbstafford89) on Aug 23, 2017 at 4:45am PDTMost of the comments Stafford received on her Instagram post were positive, however, there are always gonna be haters out there, and for the haters, Stafford posted a follow up to her original statement (which also received mostly supportive responses):A post shared by Kelly Stafford (@kbstafford89) on Aug 23, 2017 at 7:55am PDT",left-news,"Aug 26, 2017",0
"ISIS SUPPORTER RESPONDS TO KILLING OF TOP ISIS OPERATIVE: “If they took Abu Sayyaf, we will take Obama”","A  JV team  threat Shaken by a daring U.S. military strike deep in ISIS territory, supporters of the extremist organization were vowing revenge for the killing of senior leader Abu Sayyaf or claiming the special operations mission never took place, a Vocativ analysis reveals. If they took Abu Sayyaf, we will take Obama,  one ISIS supporter posted in the hours after the raid near the eastern Syrian city of al-Amr.Translation: If your goal is killing Abu Sayyaf then our goal is killing Obama and the worshipers of the cross. We have attacks coming against you.Elite American commandos carried out the rare, overnight military operation, killing Sayyaf, capturing his wife, and freeing a Yezidi woman believed to have been held as their slave, the Pentagon said Saturday. Defense Secretary Ash Carter heralded the mission as a  significant blow  to the Islamic State.Vocativ analyzed social media across Syria in the wake of the strike and discovered some ISIS supporters claimed the news was U.S. propaganda timed to counter ISIS momentum after taking most of the Iraqi city of Ramadi this week. Others tweeted from outside the Syrian city of Raqqa vowing revenge for the strike, saying they heard explosions and helicopters.Carter said Sayyaf was responsible for directing many of the group s military activities and funding, directing its  illicit oil, gas, and financial operation.  No U.S. forces were killed or injured during the operation, which represented  another significant blow  to the group, Carter said.  And it is a reminder that the United States will never waver in denying safe haven to terrorists who threaten our citizens, and those of our friends and allies,  he continued in the statement.The mission included the arrest of Sayyaf s wife, Umm Sayyaf, and the freeing of the Yezidi woman. The trading of Yezidi women has been a major inducement and reward for ISIS fighters in the past. The Yezidis follow a strand of Islam that is rejected by mainstream Muslims as heretical. ISIS last year surrounded the Yezidis  villages in northern Iraq, killing and capturing dozens, and taking many of the girls and women as slaves. U.S. forces captured Umm Sayyaf, who we suspect is a member of ISIS, played an important role in ISIS s terrorist activities, and may have been complicit in what appears to have been the enslavement of a young Yezidi woman rescued last night,  Carter said. The White House said in a statement that Umm Sayyaf had been moved to a U.S. military detention facility in Iraq. The Yezidi woman would be freed.  We intend to reunite her with her family as soon as feasible,  Bernadette Meehan, the National Security Council spokeswoman, said in a statement.The operation was coordinated with Iraqi officials, but  the U.S. government did not coordinate with the Syrian regime, nor did we advise them in advance of this operation,  Ms. Meehan said.According to reports, a team of the Army s Delta Force troops traveled in Black Hawk helicopters and Osprey aircraft into al-Amr in eastern Syria. The Washington Post quoted an unnamed defense official who said a firefight broke out after the troops touched down near a building where Abu Sayyaf was believed to be, and that ISIS fighters tried to use women and children as human shields. It was a real fight,  the official told the Post, saying there was hand-to-hand fighting and  about a dozen militants were killed.  He told the Post that troops collected items that might prove useful intelligence.Via: Vocativ.com",politics,"May 16, 2015",0
HERE’S THE LIST OF People We Elected Who Just Made Our Nation Less Safe While Adding $1.1 Trillion To The Taxpayer’s Tab," If you re like us, you either made a donation, knocked on doors, or called voters on behalf of a Republican candidate in the 2014 election. Maybe you did all three things. Is the candidate you worked so hard to get elected or re-elected on this list? We were very disappointed to see the name of the candidate we supported for US Rep in MI on the list of  Yea s.  We also know we won t be working so hard to help him with his re-election bid next time around. Only ONE Representative in the entire state of MI, Justin Amash (R-MI) actually stood up against the establishment and said  NO, we re not gonna take it anymore! Please take the time to look through this list and contact your US Representative or US Senator. Let them know the next time they look to you for support of their re-election, that you don t help people who sell out our nation.It s worth noting, that Marco Rubio didn t even bother to vote on one of the most critical spending and national security bills in our nation s history! If he can t be bothered to vote on such a critical bill, how can he be bothered with representing our nation in the most powerful position in our government? Conservative presidential candidate, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) voted against this insane bill. He criticized the legislation in a statement after the vote, saying it  effectively forfeits our massive Republican victories of 2014 and cements Obama s priorities for nearly the full remainder of his term. For a quick look at how the passage of this bill will harm the security of Americans, while adding a huge debt to our children and grandchildren s future, click HERE.Here is how our US Senators voted on the Omnibus spending bill:",Government News,"Dec 19, 2015",0
Trump aides tell him to keep Sessions as U.S. attorney general: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Aides to U.S. President Donald Trump are urging him not to fire  Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite rifts between the two  men, sources familiar with internal White House conversations  said on Wednesday. Media reports that Sessions offered to resign recently surfaced earlier this week. They added to pressure on Trump as former FBI Director James Comey, who was abruptly fired last month, prepared to testify in Congress on Thursday about his interactions with the president. Trump did not accept Sessions’ resignation offer and is now being advised to keep his attorney general in place, at least for the time being, two sources said.  Political and legal advisers inside the White House have told Trump over the past month that firing Sessions would create another political fire storm and make it more difficult to fill key jobs inside his administration, the sources said on the condition of anonymity. “That’s the advice he’s been given. But he might not listen to that advice,” one of the sources said. A senior White House official confirmed aides have been urging Trump to keep Sessions but said it was because “he’s the best man for the job.” A spokeswoman at the Justice Department declined to comment. Trump has repeatedly shrugged off advice from close aides. Earlier this week, he said the Justice Department led by Sessions was wrong to submit a “watered down, politically correct” version of his proposed travel ban on people from several Muslim-majority countries to the Supreme Court.”  The outburst weakened government lawyers’ defense that the travel ban, which has been blocked by federal courts, was not intended as a ban on Muslims. Sessions offered to resign because of tensions with Trump over his decision to recuse himself from a federal investigation into ties between Trump’s associates and Russian officials when Russia was allegedly meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, according to media reports. A former senator, Sessions was one of the first senior Republican lawmakers to endorse Trump as a presidential candidate and played an important role in the campaign.  He recused himself from the Russia investigation in March after he failed to disclose a meeting he had with Russia’s ambassador in Washington. Trump and Sessions were together at the White House on May 17, when Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein surprised them both by appointing former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to head the Russia investigation.  After learning the news, Trump lashed out at Sessions, blaming him for recusing himself from the Russia probe and leaving the ability to appoint an outside investigator in Rosenstein’s hands, the sources said.  Trump also complained that Sessions had not warned him about Rosenstein’s decision. The Justice Department said Sessions played no part in the decision. ",politicsNews,"June 8, 2017 ",1
Authorities Allowed NYC Chain Migration Terrorist To Stop Interrogation Several Times To Pray After Admitting He Was Triggered By CHRISTMAS Posters,"The poor little ISIS-inspired, chain migration, snowflake, terrorist can t even walk by a Christmas poster without being triggered. How long before Mayor DeBlasio starts the dialogue about removing triggering signs of Christmas from NYC, so as not to offend non-Christians? The taxi driver behind the failed terror attack in a New York City told investigators he meant to detonate his homemade pipe bomb in the busy subway station after seeing the walls festooned with Christmas posters   in revenge for violence against Muslims all over the world.While initial reports suggested the crude pipe bomb, made from a pipe, a 9-volt battery, match heads, sugar, Christmas tree lights and screws, had detonated prematurely, suspect Akayed Ullah, 27, insisted he set off the bomb deliberately.Ullah, who was arrested and taken for questioning after the bomb only partially detonated, told police he was walking through the underground tunnel at 7.20am, between the Port Authority station towards Times Square, when he saw the Christmas-themed posters on the wall, which reminded him of ISIS  calls last month for militants and lone wolves to attack holiday markets.  He acknowledges he purposely set it off then and there,  a senior law enforcement official told the New York Post.The Bangladeshi immigrant added that he was specifically inspired by ISIS,  not Al-Qaeda .Authorities say that if the explosive had fully detonated in the busy Midtown Manhattan subway station, there would have been more injuries and doubtless loss of life.The attack came days after Ullah s Brooklyn neighbors say they heard a huge row coming from his home, reporting yelling and screaming over the past two nights.Ullah, who was allowed to stop and pray multiple times during his interrogation, was taken to Bellevue Hospital to be treated for serious burns and lacerations to his abdomen and hands but is expected to survive. At the hospital, the Brooklyn resident told investigators that he was inspired to carry out the attack by the recent flare ups between Israelis and Palestinians in the Gaza Strip.Monday s attack was the first terror attack on U.S. soil since that proclamation, but only one of many violent demonstrations across the world since the controversial move was announced last Wednesday. It was also the second time in two months that New York City was the target of a terrorist attack.President Trump said in a statement that  lax  immigration policies were to blame for the attack, and urged Congress to  enact legislative reforms to protect the American people .Authorities say Ullah took the A train subway to the Port Authority Bus Terminal stop Monday morning, and started walking east towards Times Square via an underground terminal when a pipe bomb hidden underneath his clothes prematurely exploded. Law enforcement officials don t believe the passageway was the intended target since the  low-tech  bomb   attached to Ullah with Velcro and zip ties   did not explode fully.The chemical explosive appears to have ignited but the pipe itself did not burst. Screws were found at the scene, indicating that they may have filled the pipe and were intended to be used as shrapnel.In the end, Ullah was the only one seriously injured by the explosive (three others reported to hospitals for ringing in the ears and headaches).  Daily Mail ",politics,"Dec 11, 2017",0
"Former Welsh government minister, suspended in scandal probe, found dead","LONDON (Reuters) - Former Welsh government minister Carl Sargeant, who was suspended last week after allegations were made over his conduct with women, has been found dead, police said on Tuesday. Sargeant, 49, a member of the opposition Welsh Labour Party, told local media earlier this week that he wanted an urgent investigation into the allegations  in order to allow me to clear my name . In a statement, police said:  At approximately 11.30am today North Wales Police were called to a report that the body of a man had been found at an address in Connah s Quay.  The man has been formally identified as ... Carl Sargeant. North Wales Police are not treating his death as suspicious.  Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones said in a statement:  Carl was a friend as well as a colleague and I am shocked and deeply saddened by his death.   No further details were immediately available on the nature of Sargeant s death. He was elected to the devolved Welsh Assembly in 2003 to represent Alyn and Deeside in northeast Wales and served as environment minister and Labour s chief whip. Britain s national parliament at Westminster has been rocked in recent weeks by allegations of sexual harassment against lawmakers in several parties.  ",worldnews,"November 7, 2017 ",1
 Trump’s Ego Gets FLATTENED After He Claims Credit For Jobs Coming Back To United States,"Donald Trump is taking credit again for deals made by companies long before the election, and the Internet was quick to put his ego in check.Once again, Trump took to Twitter to brag about how he is supposedly responsible for auto companies like Ford and Fiat Chrysler announcing job creation and expansion in the United States.With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing  big stuff.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017But the fact is that Trump hasn t done shit.The auto companies themselves have emphatically refuted Trump s claims and pointed out that these plans were in place long before Election Day. Also, these plans were announced and put in to action under President Obama s administration, which is also responsible for saving the auto industry from collapse in 2008, so if anyone deserves credit for what the auto industry is doing it s President Obama.And Twitter users flattened Trump s ego.@realDonaldTrump You mean taking credit for  bringing jobs back  that you had nothing to do with? Ex: Amazon?  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 17, 2017@KrisSanchez And Carrier who ended up laying everyone off and just deploying robots  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Most were coming back to US BEFORE you were elected.  Jimmy Smagula (@JimmySmagula) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump You ve done NOTHING.  Mike Norton (@themikenorton) January 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Bring these back  pic.twitter.com/SxUNhdcHN9  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump And these  pic.twitter.com/DSxvZHQSOK  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump the only jobs you re giving to people are the paid seat fillers for the inauguration  Austin Gebbia (@DearMorni) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Many of the jobs you talk about were decided before you were elected  Tracy Maher (@tracym) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump are you seriously taking credit for union negotiations that happened months ago, ESPECIALLY when you re anti-union?  Calvin (@calvinstowell) January 17, 2017. @realDonaldTrump Obama created 15.5 million jobs.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just in case you thought you also had something to do with Ford  https://t.co/Qlwx1Ucqwq  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump DonDum, If a job comes into the country before you take office, that goes in @BarackObama column, don t try to steal wins  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump The only job you ve brought back so far is Alec Baldwin s job on SNL  CalmLikeABomb (@CalmLikeABomb5) January 17, 2017Donald Trump seriously needs to stop taking credit for things he didn t do. It s embarrassing.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",News,"January 17, 2017",0
German president to meet party leaders on Thursday,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier will meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel, the head of Bavaria s conservatives, and the leader of the center Social Democrats (SPD) on Thursday, his office said on Friday. Steinmeier played a central role in encouraging the SPD to reverse its pledge to go into opposition. Thursday s meeting will include Merkel, SPD leader Martin Schulz and Horst Seehofer, leader of the Christian Social Union (CSU), the sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU). Schulz on Friday announced his center party would help form a new government led by Merkel to avert a disruptive repeat election in Europe s economic and political powerhouse, but said party members would have the final say on any deal. ",worldnews,"November 24, 2017 ",1
BREAKING NEWS: Leftist Media Publishes Major Fake Russian Story AGAIN…Special Counsel Mueller NEVER Subpoenaed Trump’s Deutsche Bank Records,"How many times in one week can ABC News publish fake Russian collusion stories and still be considered a reliable source of news? ABC News suspended Brian Ross after he made a false report about Trump directing his NSA Michael Flynn to meet with the Russians during his campaign. After the Stock Market lost 350 points, ABC News was forced to admit that Trump s discussion about meeting with the Russian Ambassador took place while Flynn was part of Trump s transition team and not when Trump was a candidate.Yesterday, ABC News tweeted a story about Paul Manafort, saying that he was working with a Russian Intelligence-connected official. They were forced to tweet a correction seveal hours later , stating that the person Manafort met with was not an official  but instead, an  individual .  Big difference Today, ABC News jumped on the rabid lefitst media bandwagon again today to report that Special Counsel Robert Muller had supbeonaed Deutsche Bank for Trump s financial records. That story also turned out to be fake news.John Roberts of FOX News reports: A source with knowledge of the investigation tells @FoxNews that there has been no subpoena from Robert Mueller s office sent to Deutsche Bank asking for information on @realDonaldTrump financesA source with knowledge of the investigation tells @FoxNews that there has been no subpoena from Robert Mueller's office sent to Deutsche Bank asking for information on @realDonaldTrump finances  John Roberts (@johnrobertsFox) December 5, 2017President Trump s legal team is pushing back against reports that Special Counsel Robert Mueller has called on Deutsche Bank to submit data pertaining to its client relationship with President Trump as part of his investigation into alleged Russian election meddling. We have confirmed that the news reports that the special counsel had subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are false,  said Jay Sekulow, a member of Trump s legal team.  No subpoena has been issued or received. We have confirmed this with the bank and other sources. Bloomberg, citing an unnamed source, reported that Mueller is seeking information on the German lender and its relationship with Trump and his family. Trump reportedly owes the bank $300 million.  Fox News",politics,"Dec 5, 2017",0
Brazil resumes murder trial in Samarco mining disaster,"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - A court in Brazil decided on Monday to resume criminal proceedings, including consideration of murder charges, related to the 2015 Samarco mine disaster, throwing out a challenge from two defendants claiming that evidence was illegally collected. Vale SA and BHP Billiton Ltd, joint owners of the Samarco iron mine, are part of a group that includes 22 people and two other companies that stand accused of crimes related to a tailing dam that burst.  The burst unleashed a torrent of toxic mud that killed 19 people.  The court in the state of Minas Gerais suspended proceedings in July to consider claims from two Samarco executives who alleged that phone data, instant messages and emails were illegally collected outside of the period legally authorized. The judge ruled certain material based on transcripts of corporate emails and chats to be invalid but that it did not impact the validity of telephone surveillance and other evidence, federal prosecutors said in a statement. ",worldnews,"November 13, 2017 ",1
Indonesian court recognizes native religions in landmark ruling,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s Constitutional Court on Tuesday affirmed the rights of devotees of faiths outside the country s officially recognized religions, in a move activists welcomed as a  new chapter for religious freedom .Against a backdrop of rising intolerance toward minorities in the world s largest Muslim-majority nation, the court said Indonesians would not be required to identify as either Muslim, Catholic, Protestant, Hindu, Buddhist or Confucian on their national identification cards.The ruling reviewed by Reuters followed a legal challenge by followers of some of Indonesia s indigenous faiths. Bonar Tigor Naipospos from the Setara Institute, a group that advocates for religious harmony, said Indonesians who refused to embrace one of the regulated religions on their identity cards had limited access to education, restricted employment opportunities and were denied legal marriage. The Court recommended that a seventh, catch-all category be created -  Believers of the Faith  - for ID cards. This is a new chapter for religious freedom in Indonesia for both government and followers of indigenous religions,  Naipospos said.  This is a door for the government to recognize their rights. A spokesman for Indonesia s president Joko Widodo could not immediately be reached for comment.Indonesia s founding constitution says the state is based on the belief in the  One and Only God  but guarantees  each and every citizen the freedom of religion and worship .However, blasphemy laws passed in 1965 stipulated only six religions would be protected. Subsequent regulations and laws effectively enshrined those as the only religions recognized by the state. The ruling (on Tuesday) means the end of Indonesia recognizing only six religions,  said Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch.In the 2000 census, about 400,000 people identified as holding beliefs outside the six main religions, although Harsono said this probably underestimated the extent of believers in non-recognized faiths.Across Indonesia s vast chain of islands, more than 200 distinctive native faiths, such as the Sundanese people s Wiwitan, the Dayak s Kaharingan and the Torajan s Aluk To Dolo survived even as Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam dominated during different eras.Its people also blended elements of the major religions over time and infused them with animist and mystical beliefs. The court ruling should also apply to followers of non-indigenous religions such as Baha i and Judaism that are not formally recognized in Indonesia, said Nia Sjarifudin of the Unity in Diversity Alliance.  In recent decades, Indonesia s reputation for tolerance has been tarnished as its unique syncretic form of Islam has been challenged by more fundamentalist interpretations imported from the Middle East.In the past year, an alliance of Islamist hardliners pushed successfully for the imprisonment of then Governor of Jakarta Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnic Chinese Christian, for insulting Islam under the 1965 blasphemy laws.Atheism is not legal in Indonesia, and non-believers have also been charged with blasphemy.     ",worldnews,"November 7, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: D.C. Driver Plows Into Capitol Police…Shots Fired,"It happened around 9:30 a.m. at the 100 block of Independence Ave., SW.The driver was arrested on the scene.Police say that officers fired shots, but no one was hit .Breaking News: Shots were fired after a US Capitol police cruiser was struck, Fox 5 reports, adding that a suspect is in custody. pic.twitter.com/0uW0wcj0BG  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 29, 2017",Government News,"Mar 29, 2017",0
[VIDEO] 16 YR OLD ARRESTED For Violent Gang Beating In McDonalds…15 Yr Old Victim Brags About New Found Fame,"This is a sad commentary on a generation who has truly lost their moral compass. No self respect, dignity or pride  It s all about the 15 seconds of fame While we have yet to fathom how for almost three minutes, no one not even an adult or an employee stopped a now infamous fight inside a Brooklyn McDonald s. So far, one arrest has been made. Sixteen-year-old Aniah Ferguson was one of six girls who attacked 15-year-old Ariana Taylor and it seemed every teenager inside the McDonald s was there to witness the violent carnage, for which they also captured cell phone video.The 15-year-old did her best to hold her own in the brawl, which was allegedly arranged via Facebook. New York Daily News is reporting that Taylor has taken to Facebook to brag about her new-found fame. A user named Richey Bandz commented on Taylor s social media, saying,  I applaud u shorty u a ICON NOW,  and Taylor responded,  Thanks guys.  And that s when another user, Marshonna Espinosa said,  So sad this little girl think she s getting famous for getting publicly humiliated. No, you re not famous. People felt bad for you.  We re not so sure NY Daily News and Marshonna s assumptions around Taylor thinking she s famous are anything but assumptions. When Taylor posted a photo of herself, not to beat up, with the caption,  I m Gucci,  we took it as her addressing the concerned public and letting us all know she s good.Reports claim that Ferguson had been hunting Taylor down since January for some undisclosed disagreement involving a friend. She suffered injuries and was taken to Kings County Hospital that same night. But once the video was shared massively online, and even covered the front page of the New York Post and Daily News (though their known for exploiting situations like this), moves were made to find the girls who are also students of Erasmus Hall High School. Even for a World Star Hip-Hop era, the clip shocked most who viewed it. The 15-year-old was literally a punching and kicking bag.***Warning**** This video contains extreme violence:After Ferguson s arrest yesterday, her criminal record leaked and she has a history of violence at only 16. Before, she was arrested for stabbing her brother and assaulting her grandmother, who had to take an order of protection against her grandchild. She s had a total of nine arrests, six of them have been since September. Ferguson is unfortunately epitomizing the image and lifestyle of troubled youth. From her latest felony, she s being charged as an adult. Obviously there s a bigger story here around teenagers like Ferguson who come from troubled pasts and bring that into their present lives, allowing nothing but violence to speak for them.Via: Hello Beautiful",left-news,"Apr 4, 2015",0
Factbox: Key Republicans in U.S. Senate tax bill fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Six more U.S. senators signed on to support a sweeping Republican tax bill on Friday, leaving only one known Republican opponent - Bob Corker - and virtually assuring the measure would pass despite Democratic opposition. A vote was expected later Friday. Here are the Republican senators who have been pivotal to the bill’s fate. Corker, a deficit hawk from Tennessee, said on Friday he could not vote for the Senate legislation because of fiscal concerns. In a statement, he said he believed the tax overhaul “could deepen the debt burden on future generations.” Corker had stalled momentum on the tax bill on Thursday by demanding Republicans look for more ways to keep the bill from causing the U.S. deficit to balloon. He said Friday he felt it would have been fairly easy to alter the measure in a way that would have been more fiscally sound, but “unfortunately, it is clear that the (Republican) caucus is in a different place.” However, Corker said he had told President Donald Trump in a phone call Friday that he would take a close look at the final version of the bill, expected to be produced by a House-Senate conference, before deciding how to vote on it. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimated on Thursday that the Republican bill would expand the national debt by $1 trillion over 10 years, far short of assertions by Republicans that the tax cuts would pay for themselves. The moderate senator from Maine announced Friday she will support the tax bill after securing several improvements in the text and getting assurances that other legislation would be advanced to help lower health insurance premiums. Collins dislikes a clause in the bill repealing a fee imposed on people who do not comply with Obamacare’s “individual mandate” to obtain health insurance. She said she worried that repealing this fee would drive up insurance premium costs, canceling out gains from tax cuts that many constituents might get from the bill. She said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had pledged to help mitigate the effect of the repeal by supporting passage of two other healthcare bills before the end of the year. One would help insurers cover expensive patients; the other would continue Obamacare subsidy payments for low-income people for two years. Collins also got three amendments included in the tax bill, including one to keep the state and local property tax deduction of up to $10,000 from federal income tax. This would mirror legislation already passed by the House of Representatives. The Montana Republican signed on to support the bill Friday after having voiced concerns about its treatment of “Main Street” businesses. He said he had won more tax relief for non-corporate pass-through businesses, which include partnerships, sole proprietorships and other non-corporate enterprises. The senator from Wisconsin endorsed the bill after  demanding more for pass-throughs. The bill now features a 23 percent tax deduction for such business owners, up from the original 17.4 percent, said statements from Daines and Johnson. The Arizona conservative announced in a statement on Friday he would vote for the bill. He said he had succeeded in eliminating an $85 billion expensing “budget gimmick” and received a firm commitment from Senate leaders and the Trump administration to work on permanent protections for immigrants who were brought to the United States illegally as children.  Oklahoma’s Lankford came aboard on Friday after having questioned whether tax revenues from economic growth would compensate for an expected increase in the national debt. He announced on Friday he was voting for the bill. Moran had earlier been wary of its impact on the debt.     The Arizona maverick and former presidential candidate announced on Thursday that he would back the tax bill. The senator from Alaska will vote for the tax bill, she wrote on Twitter on Wednesday evening. ",politicsNews,"December 1, 2017 ",1
"STILL BITTER BILL CLINTON: Trump knows how to get ‘angry, white men to vote for him’","HERE S CLINTON FROM THE LOCAL NEWSPAPER:Former President Bill Clinton said in a recent review that President-elect Donald Trump  doesn t know much  but  one thing he does know is how to get angry, white men to vote for him. Clinton made the comment to a local newspaper reporter at the Record-Review in New York earlier this month, Politico reported Monday.Clinton first said that Trump  doesn t know much  before noting something the president-elect does know. One thing he does know is how to get angry, white men to vote for him,  Clinton said.During the interview, Clinton blamed FBI Director James Comey for his wife s election loss, noting how Comey sent a letter to Congress about a week before Election Day announcing that the bureau was reopening its investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server. Comey did announce that the investigation was closed again before the election.TRUMP IS ALL CLASS IN HIS EFFORT TO REACH OUT TO THE CLINTONS:Clinton also said he received a cordial phone call from Trump the day after the election, describing it as reminiscent from when they were friends 15 years ago.READ MORE: WFB",politics,"Dec 19, 2016",0
U.S. criticizes Poland for fining U.S.-owned broadcaster TVN,"WARSAW (Reuters) - The United States criticized a decision by Poland s media regulator to slap a $415,000 fine on TVN, a U.S.-owned private broadcaster, saying the ruling appeared to undermine media freedom. The broadcaster was fined by regulator KRRiT on Monday over its coverage of protests in parliament last year.  This decision appears to undermine media freedom in Poland, a close ally and fellow democracy. Free and independent media are essential to a strong democracy,  the U.S. Department of State said in a statement on Tuesday. It added that it remained confident in the ability of Polish authorities to ensure democratic institutions were fully functioning and respected. The regulator said it had fined the broadcaster s TVN24 channel for  promoting illegal activities and encouraging behavior that threatens security,  without giving details. TVN24 is the most widely watched independent channel in Poland, and critics on Monday interpreted the fine as an effort to mute its criticism of the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party amid speculation the state may take the broadcaster over.  Since taking office in late 2015, the PiS has been at loggerheads with the European Union over policy, including placing the country s media under increased state control. ",worldnews,"December 13, 2017 ",1
 Kasich Gets Tripped Up On ‘Born Gay’ Question: ‘I Don’t Know How It All Works’ (VIDEO),"GOP presidential candidate John Kasich would like us to believe that he is the non-bigoted alternative to the likes of extremists like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. However, whenever he opens his mouth on certain issues   specifically those of the LGBTQ variety   we see more and more that nothing could be further from the truth. Case in point   a situation Kasich recently found himself in when he was interviewed at the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco by Kelly Bryan. When Bryan asked Kasich if he believed gayness is something folks are born with, the candidate attempted to dodge the question by saying, I m not going to get into the analysis of this or that. Bryan wasn t letting Kasich off that easily, though. He pressed, It s not analysis.Are people born gay? Kasich answered uncomfortably: Probably? I don t know how it all works. Are they? In all probability, they are. Bryan then pressed Kasich on the issue of LGBTQ rights, saying,  Don t we deserve free, regular rights like everyone else  Kasich insisted that LGBTQ people do have  free, regular rights,  when, of course, nothing could be further from the truth on that point: You have free regular rights. We re not denying you any rights. I m not, in Ohio. I m not out to discriminate against you.. I think you should have as good a life as anybody else. If Kasich truly believed this, he would include LGBTQ people in the hate crimes statutes in his state of Ohio, of which he is governor. Further, he would not be supporting a party platform that opposes marriage equality and other rights for LGBTQ people. The only thing Kasich did right during this exchange is to vaguely insinuate that he does not support anti-trans bathroom bills like North Carolina s HB2. On that front, Kasich said: I think we should just try to, like, take a chill pill, relax, and try to get along with one another a little bit better instead of trying to write some law to solve a problem that doesn t frankly exist in big enough numbers to justify more lawmaking. Well, that s something, at least. But then, when asked about marriage equality, Kasich feigned ignorance. Bryan said of the issue as far as the official GOP platform goes: Republicans don t believe in marriage equality. It s your platform. Kasich shot back, Is it? I haven t read that thing lately.  He went on to refer to the Republican Party as  my vehicle [and] not my master. The thing is, though, this interview makes Kasich s positions clear. He is just as anti-gay as his GOP comrades. He just dresses his bigotry up in nicer language.Do not be fooled, people. John Kasich is just as extreme as Donald Trump and Ted Cruz   he just does a better job of hiding it from everyday people.Watch the exchange below, via Raw Story: Featured image via video screen capture",News,"April 30, 2016",0
Russia to bar U.S. diplomats from monitoring its elections: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry has sent a diplomatic note to the U.S. authorities telling them that U.S. diplomats will not be allowed to conduct monitoring of future Russian elections, the RIA news agency cited a senior Russian official as saying. The move was Russia’s response to what it says was U.S. obstruction of Russian diplomats seeking to monitor Tuesday’s U.S. presidential election for possible violations, RIA quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying. ",politicsNews,"November 8, 2016 ",1
DETECTIVE ON SETH RICH Murder Mystery Drops Shocking News [Video],"Rod Wheeler was on Hannity last night with startling information on the Seth Rich murder mystery. He spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer Rich used. They went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the DC police and the DNC. The most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when Wheeler says this:Rod Wheeler:  Here s one other thing that is going to be startling I m just gonna say this right now. I reached out to the police department way back in March when the family first hired me right..to get involved. I didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.Guess what I learned yesterday from the family of Seth Rich? The police department did not call me back because someone, a high ranking official at the DNC check this out a high ranking official at the DNC when I called the police department, they got that information and called the Rich family wanting to know, why was I snooping around? The plot thickens in this case. Will we finally find the murderer of this young man and who is behind it?IN CASE YOU HAVEN T SEEN UPDATES ON THIS CASE:CONFIRMED BOMBSHELL: SETH RICH Sent Over 44,000 DNC Emails To Journalist, Best Friend Of Wikileaks Founder DC Police Officer Claims They Were Told To  Stand Down  On Case [VIDEO]Wow! The private investigator hired by the Rich family to look into the death of 27-year old murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich just revealed some stunning evidence. It s been confirmed that over 44,000 emails and over 17,000 attachments were sent to the now deceased investigative journalist and best friend of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. Now that this new information has been made available to the public, will the media be asking Hillary or the DNC any questions about their involvement in Rich s death? Will the DOJ be opening an investigation into his death in light of this new stunning evidence? What about the alleged Russian hack of the DNC emails that the media tried to tie to President Trump?Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News.A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time.  FOX5DCHere is the tweet announcing the death of Gavin MacFayden only weeks before the U.S. presidential election:Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.The revelation is consistent with the findings of Rod Wheeler, a former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor and whose private investigation firm was hired by Rich s family to probe the case. Rich was shot from behind in the wee hours, but was not robbed. My investigation up to this point shows there was some degree of email exchange between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  Wheeler said.  I do believe that the answers to who murdered Seth Rich sits on his computer on a shelf at the DC police or FBI headquarters. The federal investigator, who requested anonymity, said 44,053 emails and 17,761 attachments between Democratic National Committee leaders, spanning from January 2015 through late May 2016, were transferred from Rich to MacFadyen before May 21.   FOX NewsWe reported on this story extensively. Here are some of our stunning findings over the past 10 months. It s pretty stunning that it took so long to find out about the e-mails on Rich s laptop: Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.",left-news,"May 17, 2017",0
" Trump Tries To Launch 2020 Re-election Ad, It IMMEDIATELY Blows Up In His Face (TWEET)","From the moment Trump won the election, he was already bragging about how he was going to run again in 2020, and win.In a move that shows just how delusional Trump truly is, the undeserving POTUS ignored the fact that his approval rating has reached a historic low by launching his first ad for his 2020 bid. And in true Trump fashion, the ad was one big embarrassing fail, as Trump was forced to pull the ad over an obvious violation   it violated the ban that prevents active duty military members in uniform from participating in political stunts.The Washington Post wrote: The initial version of the ad released by the campaign included a shot of Trump shaking hands at his Mar-a-Lago estate with H.R. McMaster, his national security adviser. An updated version dropped the shot of McMaster, who remains an active duty member of the Army, and replaced it with Trump visiting a business. Campaign law expert Larry Noble also pointed this out:It should be noted that Trump pathetically celebrated Inauguration Day by filing for re-election, probably to soothe himself after seeing those tiny crowds. This ad is the perfect embodiment of Trump s sloppy administration   these people have no idea how to run the country, which trickles down to the most simple tasks.From what we ve seen from Trump himself, his White House doesn t really pay attention to detail or do their research first before going all in. Trump s team has had to repeatedly correct themselves, and not even a simple campaign ad can go off without a hitch.Not even halfway through his first term, Trump has already made his bid for re-election a joke and displayed just how incompetent his entire team is. It s no wonder the majority of Americans can t wait until this clown and the rest of his circus are out of the White House.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",News,"May 1, 2017",0
 OOPS: Trump Agrees That People Like Him Should Be Treated ‘Harshly’ For Milking Their Country,"Well, here s a Twitter post that backfired on Donald Trump.Over the weekend, billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who owns a stake in Fox News, along with several other princes and former cabinet officials, were arrested for corruption by order of Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman.Ironically, Trump tweeted out his support of the sweeping arrests on Monday.I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2017 .Some of those they are harshly treating have been  milking  their country for years!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2017Let that sink in for a minute. Donald Trump, the man who has literally spent every moment of his adult life milking his own country and continues to do so now from the Oval Office, agrees that people who do what he does should be treated harshly.Trump and his administration are currently under investigation for colluding with a foreign state to undermine our democratic process. Trump is also a tax evader and has made deals with some very shady people including people with mob and terrorist connections.In fact, Trump s own tax plan would especially benefit him and his family. And he has placed his own family members in high White House positions, all while using the executive branch to promote his businesses, all of which violates ethics rules.Some Twitter users pointed out the irony and hypocrisy of Trump s tweet.Like your team is doing??? pic.twitter.com/51L89Rrnfs  sweetsallysue (@sweetsallysue) November 7, 2017RELEASE YOUR TAXES and we'll see who has been ""milking"" their country for years! #PutinsPuppet #FakePresident  RandeMande (@almondleafer) November 7, 2017Like you have been milking US for years? #Traitor  Reap what you sow (@2017moderate) November 7, 2017That is a hilarious statement coming from you, that's exactly what you are doing to us.  jbarton (@jlbarton618) November 6, 2017Make no mistake, Trump has milked the United States more than anyone and he intends to milk much more out of taxpayers unless he is removed from office and put in prison where he belongs.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"November 7, 2017",0
"UK certain Iran nuclear deal to be preserved, U.S. says remains committed","LONDON (Reuters) - There is absolutely no doubt that a deal between Western powers and Iran to curb its nuclear program will survive despite the U.S. decision not to recertify the deal, Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Monday. Johnson was giving a speech on foreign affairs in London. U.S. President Donald Trump broke ranks with other major powers earlier this month by refusing to formally certify that Tehran is complying with the deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), even though international inspectors say it is. The U.S. Congress now has 60 days since Trump s action to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. U.S. Disarmament Ambassador Robert Wood said on Monday Washington would  continue to meet its commitments under the JCPOA and will hold Iran strictly accountable for each and every one of its commitments as well.  Wood was speaking at a United Nations meeting in New York. ",worldnews,"October 23, 2017 ",1
"Philippine president's Senate foes, allies vow to block budget cut for rights body","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s critics and allies in the Senate vowed on Wednesday to block a lower house move to slash the annual budget of a public-funded human rights agency opposed to his bloody war on drugs to just $20. The house, dominated by Duterte s supporters, voted on Tuesday to allocate a 2018 budget of just 1,000 pesos ($20) to the Commission on Human Rights (CHR), which has investigated hundreds of killings during the president s ferocious anti-narcotics crackdown. Vice President Leni Robredo, who was not Duterte s running mate and has locked horns with him numerous times, said the lawmakers  move effectively abolishes the CHR, a constitutional body. Duterte s signature campaign has left thousands of mostly urban poor Filipinos dead. Critics say the lawmakers are trying to retaliate against the CHR for pursuing allegations of executions by police during sting operations, which police deny.  The CHR is among the domestic and foreign rights groups that Duterte frequently admonishes, accusing them of lecturing him and disregarding Filipinos who are victims of crimes stemming from drug addiction. The upper house minority bloc, composed of six staunch critics of the president, will seek to restore the 678 million peso budget the government and a Senate sub-committee had proposed for the CHR. Senator Risa Hontiveros described the plan to cut the budget to almost nil as  a shameless rejection of the country s international and national commitments to champion human rights . Several allies of Duterte in the 24-seat chamber said they would scrutinize the house move and try to ensure the commission had a budget that would allow it to work properly. Senator Richard Gordon said the CHR had a job to do and should not be restricted.   That is their role - to expose possible abuses,  he said. Another legislator, JV Ejercito said senators would not make the CHR impotent.  The CHR is in the thick of things and very relevant nowadays and probably even next year and the years to follow because of what s happening,  he said in a statement. Duterte once threatened to abolish the CHR after its chief, Chito Gascon, sought to investigate alleged abuses by police anti-drugs units. Duterte on Tuesday appeared to distance himself from the lawmakers proposing the meager budget. He said CHR was constitutionally created and should probe whatever it wants, adding he was  not here to destroy institutions .  He had it coming. He opens his mouth in a most inappropriate way. He knows nothing,  Duterte said, referring to Gascon.  The congressmen are really angry. I have nothing against him. Give them a budget for all I care, whatever he likes to investigate.  ",worldnews,"September 13, 2017 ",1
"TRUMP OBLITERATES “Phony Vietnam Con-Artist” Dem Senator, After He Alleged Trump Campaign Collusion With Russians"," President Donald Trump continued his attack on Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal Monday afternoon, once again mocking the Democratic lawmaker for past falsehoods about his service in Vietnam.Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Trump initially criticized Blumenthal in response to his discussion of the ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and its possible connections to the Trump campaign during a CNN interview Monday morning.  Daily CallerTrump didn t stop with his string of attacks on the con-man senator, Richard Blumenthal. He took to Twitter again yesterday to suggest Senator Blumenthal talk a  nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there. I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Blumenthal criticized the Trump administration s decision to triple the number of leak investigations pursued by the Department of Justice, arguing in the CNN segment that the plan represented an attempt to  weaponize  leak probes.Trump s comments allude to a 2010 New York Times report which found that Blumenthal falsely claimed he had served in Vietnam during the U.S. occupation. In truth, Blumenthal served in the U.S. Marine Corps reserve, but he never left the U.S. in the course of service. The senator later explained that he  misspoke. In case anyone was thinking (or hoping) President Trump would discontinue using Twitter as a way to keep a direct line of communication open with Americans, it s not gonna happen. Most of his supporters have become used to his bombastic style and appreciate the way in which he has chosen to connect with Americans in a more direct fashion.Just before President Trump destroyed the con-artist senator from Connecticut, he sent this tweet, where, after he shared some of his most significant accomplishments to date, he made it perfectly clear to his followers that he  Will never change! :  Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017",left-news,"Aug 8, 2017",0
Hungary's Jobbik asks voters to help pay 'court-martial' fine,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s main opposition Jobbik party has launched a crowd funding campaign to raise money for a state audit authority fine that it said could cripple it in the run-up to 2018 elections. Hungarians will vote for a new Parliament in April and Prime Minister Viktor Orban s populist Fidesz party is far ahead in the polls, with Jobbik its nearest rival. Jobbik, once on the far right, has turned toward the center and in the past year campaigned nationwide against Orban, whom they depicted as the leader of a criminal gang on thousands of billboard ads. Orban has rejected corruption charges, saying he has spent his entire life in politics and his financial standing was  an open book . The State Audit Office (ASZ) earlier this week ruled that the party had purchased the posters far below market prices, breaching rules on political funding. The ASZ slapped Jobbik with a 663 million forint ($2.5 million) penalty. Jobbik said it has no money to pay the fine. It has 15 days to respond before the ASZ ruling, which cannot be appealed in court, becomes final.  The ASZ, acting as a court-martial in the manner of the darkest dictatorships, levied on Jobbik a fine whose only real aim is to block the party from running at the elections,  Jobbik said in a statement on its website.  This is the first step in the final eradication of what is left of Hungarian democracy.  ASZ Chairman Laszlo Domokos is a former Fidesz lawmaker, while Chief Prosecutor Peter Polt, whose office worked with ASZ on the Jobbik case, is a former Fidesz member twice appointed to his post by Fidesz-dominated parliaments. The ASZ was an independent and non-political body, its spokesman Balint Nemeth said.  The prosecution does its job independently, in accordance with the laws,  prosecution spokesman Geza Fazekas said.   The prosecution did not participate in the ASZ probe in any way,  he said. He added that the ASZ asked the prosecutors to investigate whether Jobbik blocked auditors from reviewing its files. That investigation has a March 6 deadline.   Laws apply to everyone, and Jobbik is no exception,  Fidesz spokesman Balazs Hidvegi said.  Jobbik must obey the law, and if they do they will have no problems.  The audit crackdown triggered broad criticism. Miklos Ligeti, a director at anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International, said Fidesz has been by far the largest beneficiary of undue price advantages on services that was the basis of Jobbik s fine. 2014 election ads cost Fidesz at least 4 billion forints at list prices, about four times the legal limit, Ligeti said based on their own calculations. Fidesz said on its disclosures it had spent 984 million forints. Other parties, including Jobbik, overshot their 2014 limit by 40-50 percent at most, he estimated.   The auditors have clearly got on Jobbik s case, as they should,  Ligeti said.  They should do the same with every other party but clearly don t. Which one they strike down and which they spare seems to be a party political decision.  Fidesz was not immediately available to comment on the Transparency International calculations.   For the campaign Jobbik used billboards owned by a tycoon named Lajos Simicska, once a key ally of Orban who fell out with the premier in 2015. Orban says Simicska hijacked Jobbik. Both the party and the tycoon deny this. ($1 = 267.83 forints) ",worldnews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
"21WIRE.TV Members Newsletter – Feb 18, 2017","In this newsletter we ll include key updates on 21WIRE.TV premium content, as well as our GLOBAL:SITREP situation report, with exclusive commentary and analysis not covered yet at 21WIRE SEE MEMBERS NEWSLETTER HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",US_News,"February 18, 2017",0
Rhodes Is Wrong And Trump Could Have The Last Laugh,"21st Century Wire says Yesterday, President Donald J. Trump accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of ordering a  wire tap  at Trump Tower prior to the Presidential Election. Yes, a  wire tap . Sounds pretty unsophisticated in this day and age as a means of SIGINT in the post Snowden revelation era where there are numerous more  covert  methods available to agencies. Democrats and other mainstream pundits wasted no time in defending Obama and criticizing Trump s lack of evidence in the matter. One of these voices was Ben Rhodes, Obama s former Senior Advisor. He also said  only a liar  could make the case, as Trump suggested, that Obama wire tapped Trump Tower ahead of the election. Shortly after Rhodes took to Twitter in defense of Obama, this article from 2013 became viral that seemed to hold together Trump s allegation of  wire-tapping . To add to the Obama accusations, Wikileaks weighed in with the following;Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals https://t.co/XbwyNSwTXg #NSA #PRISM #Merkel #Sarkozy #BanKiMoon #WTO #Trump pic.twitter.com/5CebcnkFgn  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 5, 2017More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZerohedgeFollowing Trump s stunning allegation that Obama wiretapped the Trump Tower in October of 2016, prior to the presidential election, which may or may not have been sourced from a Breitbart story, numerous Democrats and media pundits have come out with scathing accusations that Trump is either mentally disturbed, or simply has no idea what he is talking about.The best example of this came from Ben Rhodes, a former senior adviser to President Obama in his role as deputy National Security Advisor, who slammed Trump s accusation, insisting that  No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you.  He also said  only a liar  could make the case, as Trump suggested, that Obama wire tapped Trump Tower ahead of the election.No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you. https://t.co/lEVscjkzSw  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) March 4, 2017It would appear, however, that Rhodes is wrong, especially as pertains to matters of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance, and its associated FISA court, under which the alleged wiretap of Donald Trump would have been granted, as it pertained specifically to Trump s alleged illicit interactions with Russian entities.In Chapter 36 of Title 50 of the US Code *War and National Defense , Subchapter 1, Section 1802, we read the following:(1) Notwithstanding any other law, the President, through the Attorney General, may authorize electronic surveillance without a court order under this sub-chapter to acquire foreign intelligence information for periods of up to one year if the Attorney General certifies in writing under oath that (A) the electronic surveillance is solely directed at  (i) the acquisition of the contents of communications transmitted by means of communications used exclusively between or among foreign powers, as defined in section 1801(a)(1), (2), or (3) of this title; or (ii) the acquisition of technical intelligence, other than the spoken communications of individuals, from property or premises under the open and exclusive control of a foreign power, as defined in section 1801(a)(1), (2), or (3) of this title;(B) there is no substantial likelihood that the surveillance will acquire the contents of any communication to which a United States person is a party; and(C) the proposed minimization procedures with respect to such surveillance meet the definition of minimization procedures under section 1801(h) of this title; and if the Attorney General reports such minimization procedures and any changes thereto to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence at least thirty days prior to their effective date, unless the Attorney General determines immediate action is required and notifies the committees immediately of such minimization procedures and the reason for their becoming effective immediately.While (B) seems to contradict the underlying permissive nature of Section 1802 as it involves a United States person, what the Snowden affair has demonstrated all too clearly, is how frequently the NSA and FISA court would make US citizens collateral damage. To be sure, many pointed out the fact that Fox News correspondent James Rosen was notoriously wiretapped in 2013 when the DOJ was investigating government leaks. The Associated Press was also infamously wiretapped in relation to the same investigation.Furthermore, while most Democrats   not to mention former president Obama himself   have been harshly critical of Trump s comments, some such as former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau was quite clear in his warning to reporters that Obama did not say there was no wiretapping, effectively confirming it:I'd be careful about reporting that Obama said there was no wiretapping. Statement just said that neither he nor the WH ordered it.  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) March 4, 2017Continue this report at ZerohedgeREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"March 5, 2017",0
Lebanon's Aoun tells Saudi envoy Hariri must return,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - President Michel Aoun told Saudi Arabia s envoy to Lebanon on Friday that Saad al-Hariri must return to the country, Lebanese media reported. Aoun also told the Saudi Charge d Affaires Walid al-Bukhari that the circumstances of Hariri s resignation were unacceptable, the reports said. Hariri resigned while in Saudi Arabia last Saturday. ",worldnews,"November 10, 2017 ",1
Somali lawmakers seek to impeach president amid political crisis,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Some Somali lawmakers said on Wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most powerful clans.  The political turmoil endangers fragile gains against the Islamist al Shabaab insurgency and could derail the government of President Mohamed Abdullahi. Universally known by his nickname  Farmajo , the dual U.S.-Somali citizen took power earlier this year in a U.N.-backed process.  The Horn of Africa state s parliament adjourned last week until the end of February, but some legislators want it to reconvene on an emergency basis, lawmaker Mahad Salad told Reuters.  Ninety-six lawmakers have asked the speaker to reopen the session so that the impeachment against the president kicks off. The president is accused of violation of the constitution, treason, destruction of the federal states and so on,  he said.  The letter had not yet been delivered to the speaker. There are 275 lawmakers and two-thirds would have to vote against the president to impeach him.  The motion follows a deadly raid on Sunday on the home of an opposition leader, Abdirahman Abdishakur Warsame, who ran for the presidency against Farmajo. Somali security agents arrived at his house around midnight and engaged his guards in a firefight, killing five people. The minister of security said Warsame resisted arrest and he would be charged with treason. He appeared in court on Tuesday but no warrant was shown for his arrest, a witness said. A Wednesday court hearing was postponed until Thursday.  The information minister did not return calls seeking comment. A statement from the security minister and attorney general said they were  investigating the crimes of Somalis who were involved in treason, terror and the destruction of government systems . Warsame comes from Somalia s formidable Habar Gidir clan, which is spread across south-central Somalia. Although both his supporters and the government stress that his detention is political, rather than a clan issue, it will further sour relations between the two sides. If that sparks fighting it could split Somalia s security forces, which are composed mostly of clan-based militias. In September, a battle between the police, intelligence, and military killed nine people in Mogadishu s Habar Gidir district.   It s a lose-lose situation for the government. If they pursue this, they face a showdown with the Habar Gidir, who are powerful, wealthy and well-armed and provide many units in the SNA,  said a Somalia security analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity, referring to the Somali National Army.   If they back down, they look weak. It s very hard to see how the administration could survive this crisis.   In August, a joint U.S.-Somali raid in the town of Bariire killed 10 Habar Gidir members. The U.S. military said they were Islamist militants but clan elders said they were civilians. In May, a soldier accidentally killed the minister of public works in a case of mistaken identity. A Habar Gidir clan member, the soldier was sentenced to death, angering clan members who felt that blood money should have been accepted. Somalia s new government has won plaudits from diplomats for trying to assess the extent of mismanagement and corruption in the armed forces and the International Monetary Fund has praised it for fiscal reforms. But at home, the government has many problems. It has hired and fired a string of top security officials. Al Shabaab militants, skilled at exploiting clan divisions, stepped up a campaign of deadly bombings in Mogadishu. One October bomb killed more than 500 people.  A split between Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, both of which have supported Somali factions, has fuelled a spat between the president and leaders of Somalia s regional administrations, damaging security cooperation.   This month, the U.S. government announced it was suspending aid to most of the military over accountability concerns. Now many parliamentarians are angry that a government that promotes itself as reformist is arresting critics like Warsame, said Abdirizak Mohamed, a lawmaker and former security minister.   MPs are concerned about freedom of expression and association. This was an unnecessary crisis when they already had a lot on their plate.  ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
 Everyone Is Wondering Just What James Comey Will Do Next,"After former FBI Director, James Comey was fired from his position as the leader of the FBI by Donald Trump, the thing that is on everyone s mind now is what will Comey do next for work? Will he go back to practicing law?According to this article, Comey testified under oath in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence last Thursday. He accused the President of the United States, who fired him from the FBI, of lying, challenged the president, and even says he has proof of material he supplied that could build a case against the president.However, aside from that, what is next for the former FBI Director? What are his career opportunities? Maybe he will go back to law where he lived comfortably in Connecticut as a lawyer.According to Comey, he stated to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence when he testified last Thursday that he is currently  between opportunities. Everyone knows James Comey now and what he stands for, whether they are for or against him. Now that everyone knows Comey and who he is, will this hurt his chances of getting a career soon?He was in the middle of the email investigation of Hilary Clinton but now is seen as a critical cog in the Trump and Russian investigation. Because of this, he may be called upon to answer some questions about that. He may be called on to provide more information about Trump since he documented his and Trump s conversations in memos. However, will he provide that information that may be critical in finding out who is telling the truth between him and Trump? Guess we will have to stay tuned to find out!What do you think about Comey and his future career opportunities?Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"June 11, 2017",0
 Catholic Sister Rips ‘Pro-Life’ Republicans Over Devastating Medicaid Cuts,"Republicans who call themselves  pro-life  are presenting a health care plan that would literally kill tens of thousands of people by implementing devastating cuts to Medicaid and Sister Simone Campbell, leader of the advocacy group Nuns on a Bus, is wondering how GOPers can give themselves that moniker while putting our most needy, including the elderly and children, at risk.Campbell called the Affordable Care Act a  life-saving bill  and in an op-ed for The Hill she said she wants to call their bluff on their proclaimed pro-life stance. I am outraged to see allegedly pro-life Republicans put forward a healthcare bill that will strip millions of people of their healthcare. Not only that, but this bill preys on the most vulnerable! This is antithetical to any faith,  she writes.  The House and Senate healthcare proposals are the antithesis of a pro-life stance and needs to be named as such. People will lose their lives if this bill becomes law. Then the Sister hit Republicans where it hurts: with facts. It used to be very difficult for women to find insurance coverage for pre-natal and maternity care. Under current law, maternal health (pregnancy and postpartum services) is an essential benefit, which insurers must offer without charging extra,  she continued.  This is a pro-life benefit   but the GOP is set to eliminate the essential health benefits, including maternity care, for millions of expecting mothers. Campbell noted that Trumpcare  would bring us back to a time when  maternity riders  forced women to pay more than many could afford just to bring a child into the world.  This is not pro-life. She pointed to the Republicans proposing  to cut and cap Medicaid funding for people with disabilities and those living below the poverty level in our nation  and she goes on to say that  45 percent of births in the United States are paid for by Medicaid! Campbell writes that pro-life  members of Congress are actually dismissing the needs of mothers and their newborn children. Supporting Medicaid funding is a pro-life stance,  she says. Campbell also notes that Medicaid benefits senior citizens who live in nursing homes,  including many Catholic Sisters who have served their entire lives tending to the most vulnerable. She points to Medicaid helping those with disabilities and says that  Republican efforts to cut Medicaid funding arbitrarily will jeopardize their lives and wellbeing. Taking money away from seniors, people in poverty and people with disabilities is wrong,  she writes.  Everyone has a right to live in dignity. The Sister says Republicans are only concerned with lining the pockets of the wealthiest and are doing so at the expense of Medicaid and our most vulnerable people. Indeed, the cuts to Medicaid will afford the wealthy a nice tax break while lower-income Americans die and/or suffer. If Republicans are truly pro-life,  she writes,  then they will place people, not corporate interests, at the center of their decision-making. And, when people are healthier, we all do better. She called out her  pro-life colleagues :So my pro-life colleagues: Listen up. To be pro-life requires us to care about ALL of life, not just birth or death. Mothers and their infants need medical coverage. The disabled and the elderly need the promise that they can live in dignity for their entire natural life. This means that we must not cap individual or state expenditures for Medicaid or remove services from the defined benefits. It also means that we must not block grant Medicaid to the states or institute a per capita cap.She concluded her op-ed by calling on Senators to reject Trump/Republicare and requested to  have a real conversation that doesn t include 23 million Americans losing their healthcare. Amen, Sister!Image via screen capture. ",News,"June 26, 2017",0
Trump says Japan would shoot North Korean missiles 'out of sky' if it bought U.S. weaponry,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that Japan would shoot North Korean missiles “out of the sky” if it bought the U.S. weaponry needed for doing so, suggesting Tokyo take a stance it has avoided until now. North Korea is pursuing nuclear weapons and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan. Trump, speaking after a summit with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, repeated his mantra the “era of strategic patience” with North Korea was over, and said the two countries were working to counter the “dangerous aggressions”. Trump also pressed Japan to lower its trade deficit with the United States and buy more U.S. military hardware. “He (Abe) will shoot them out of the sky when he completes the purchase of lots of additional military equipment from the United States,” Trump said, referring to the North Korean missiles. “The prime minister is going to be purchasing massive amounts of military equipment, as he should. And we make the best military equipment by far.” Abe, for his part, said Tokyo would shoot down missiles “if necessary”. Trump was replying to a question that was posed to Abe - namely how he would respond to a quote from Trump from a recent interview in which he said Japan was a “samurai” nation and should have shot down the North Korean missiles. Japan’s policy is that it would only shoot down a missile if it were falling on Japanese territory or if it were judged to pose an “existential threat” to Japan because it was aimed at a U.S. target. The U.S. president is on the second day of a 12-day Asian trip that is focusing on North Korea’s nuclear missile programs and trade. “Most importantly, we’re working to counter the dangerous aggressions of the regime in North Korea,” Trump said, calling  Pyongyang’s nuclear tests and recent launches of ballistic missiles over Japan “a threat to the civilized world and to international peace and stability”. “Some people said that my rhetoric is very strong. But look what’s happened with very weak rhetoric over the last 25 years. Look where we are right now,” he added. North Korea’s recent actions have raised the stakes in the most critical international challenge of Trump’s presidency. The U.S. leader, who will visit South Korea on the trip, has rattled some allies with his vow to “totally destroy” North Korea if it threatens the United States and with his dismissal of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a “rocket man” on a suicide mission. Abe, with whom Trump has bonded through multiple summits and phone calls, repeated at the same news conference that Japan backed Trump’s stance that “all options” are on the table,  saying it was time to exert maximum pressure on North Korea and the two countries were “100 percent” together on the issue. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hua Chunying, in  response to Abe’s comments, said that the North Korean “situation” was “already extremely complex, sensitive and weak”. “We hope that under the present circumstances, all sides’ words and actions can help reduce tensions and reestablish mutual trust and getting the North Korean nuclear issue back on the correct track of dialogue and negotiations,” she said. Trump said he was committed to achieving “free, fair, and reciprocal” trade and wants to work with Japan on this issue. “America is also committed to improving our economic relationship with Japan,” Trump said. “As president, I’m committed to achieving fair, free, and reciprocal trading relationship. We seek equal and reliable access for American exports to Japan’s markets in order to eliminate our chronic trade imbalances and deficits with Japan.” Earlier, speaking to Japanese and U.S. business executives, Trump praised Japan for buying U.S. military hardware. But he added that “many millions of cars are sold by Japan into the United States, whereas virtually no cars go from the United States into Japan”. Japan had a $69 billion trade surplus with the United States last year, according to the U.S. Treasury Department. The United States was Japan’s second biggest trade partner after China, while Japan was the United States’ fourth largest goods export market in 2016. Japanese officials have countered U.S. trade complaints by noting Tokyo accounts for a much smaller slice of the U.S. deficit than in the past, while China’s imbalance is bigger. In a second round of economic talks in Washington last month, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, who doubles as deputy premier, failed to bridge differences on trade issues. The two sides are at odds over how to frame future trade talks, with Tokyo pushing back against U.S. calls to discuss a bilateral free trade agreement. Trump also said earlier that an Indo-Pacific trade framework would produce more in trade that the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact pushed by his predecessor but which he announced Washington would abandon soon after he took office. The 11 remaining nations in the TPP, to which Japan’s Abe is firmly committed, are edging closer to sealing a comprehensive free trade pact without the United States. Trump met Emperor Akihito, exchanging a handshake and nodding, before his lunch and talks with Abe. He also met relatives of Japanese citizens abducted by North Korean agents decades ago to help train spies, calling the kidnappings a “tremendous disgrace” and pledging to work with Abe to bring the victims “back to Japan where they want to be”. “I think it would be a tremendous signal if Kim Jong Un would send them back,” Trump said. “If he would send them back, that would be the start of something, something very special.”   Abe has made resolving the emotive abductions issue a keystone of his career. The families hope their talks with Trump - the third U.S. president they have met - will somehow contribute to a breakthrough, although experts say progress is unlikely. Abe also expressed his condolences for the victims of a gunman who massacred at least 26 worshippers at a church in Texas. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Trump had no plans to change the schedule for his 12-day Asian trip, which will also take him to Seoul, Beijing and Danang, Vietnam. Trump's visit to Asia: tmsnrt.rs/2znSb0v ",politicsNews,"November 6, 2017 ",1
CIA Report Released: Trump maintains DNC Leaks had “Absolutely no effect on outcome of election”,"21st Century Wire says Despite the mass media distraction of the improbably  Active Shooter  attack at Fort Lauderdale Airport earlier this afternoon   today was  the big day,  the dramatic release of the  unclassified  portion the US Intelligence report of the alleged Russian Hack  of the 2016 US Election. Meanwhile, at Trump Tower, President-Elect Donald Trump was given the full classified version of the report today, and was unimpressed, declaring that the alleged hacking of the Democrat National Committee (DNC) had  absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election. Note that it is still an  alleged  hack because US intelligence agencies Have yet to produce any actual evidence that the Russian government were involved in either the DNC Leaks or the Podesta Email dump on Wikileaks.Instead, the report s main thrust is accusing the Russians of running all of the so-called  fake news  articles that flooded Facebook and social media during the 2016 election cycle   claiming that it all traces back to St. Petersburg, Russia   despite earlier investigative reports published by both The Guardian and Buzzfeed which placed the fake news empire in Macedonia, where teenagers netted small fortunes by pumping out imaginary stories on hundreds of cut-out websites during the 2016 election.  Putin Aspired to Help Trump CNN and other US media outlets were quick to  down-shift  their headlines   away from saying that the Russian government  Hacked  the US Elections, now saying that  Putin Aspired to Help Trump. After a 90-minute briefing at Trump Tower with national intelligence chiefs,  Donald Trump, under pressure from his party and the US media, issued a statement seeming to acknowledge some hacking of  the cyber-infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee,  but was clear to ad the caveat that whatever happened had  absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election. While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber-infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines. There were attempts to hack the Republican National Committee, but the R.N.C. had strong hacking defenses and the hackers were unsuccessful. STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russian Hack FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",US_News,"January 6, 2017",0
Congress Is About To Deal A KNOCK-OUT PUNCH To Obama’s ‘Back Door’ Gun Grab…Gun Owners Are Cheering!,"Obama s unconstitutional government overreach was allowed to run rampant in DC for way too long. There s a new sheriff in town and under that new sheriff s leadership is a newly emboldened Congress who miraculously just found their spine Congressional lawmakers will review a final rule issued by President Obama in December that stomps on the Second Amendment rights of Social Security beneficiaries.According to the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action, Obama s Social Security rule qualifies SSI and disability insurance recipients as  mental defectives,  and therefore incapable of legally owning firearms.The rule allows those affected to file a petition for  restoration  of their Second Amendment rights, yet tens of thousands of legal gun owners must now prove  their possession of firearms would not harm public safety or the public interest, even though the government never established, or tried to establish, the contrary,  NRA-ILA added.NRA-IRA executive director Chris Cox praised Congress  decision in a Wednesday statement. Congress s decision to review the Obama administration s back-door gun grab is a significant step forward in restoring the fundamental constitutional rights of many law-abiding gun owners,  he wrote.  The NRA has been fighting this unconstitutional government overreach since it was first discussed and we look forward to swift congressional action to overturn it. Via: Daily Caller ",left-news,"Jan 25, 2017",0
"French arrest nine, Swiss one in joint anti-terrorism swoop","PARIS (Reuters) - French police arrested nine people and another was arrested in Switzerland in coordinated counter-terrorism swoops that follow a spate of deadly attacks in Europe in recent years. Swiss officials said a 23-year-old Colombian woman was taken into custody after police raids there. A Swiss man aged 27 was among those arrested in parallel French police swoops linked to Islamist militant activity, they added. French police conducted simultaneous raids on premises on the eastern edge of Paris and in the southeastern region that borders Italy and Switzerland, taking nine people into custody, a source in the French judiciary said. Those arrested were aged from 18 to 65 years, said the French source, who spoke on condition of anonymity   standard practice for most French officials on such matters.      Le Parisien newspaper said it was possible the raids had thwarted an attack. The French judicial source spoke of suspected participation in a criminal terrorist network and of communications via the Telegram network that many militants use because messages can be encrypted.   A Swiss statement cited suspected involvement in terrorist activity and banned Islamist militant groups such as al Qaeda and Islamic State. The arrests took place a week after France introduced tougher national security laws to permanently replace emergency powers  given to police and intelligence services following deadly attacks by Islamist militants on Paris two years ago. More than 240 people have been killed in France since early 2015 in attacks by Islamist militants or assailants inspired by the Islamic State group, which has sought to establish a caliphate in Syria and Iraq and called for attacks on France. France is among countries contributing to military operations against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb, who says 32 attack plots have been thwarted in the past two years in France, played down the latest operation when asked about it during a visit to Berlin.  It s part of operations which, sadly, are conducted relatively regularly, where we arrest a number of people we consider dangerous,  he said. ",worldnews,"November 7, 2017 ",1
"NATO sees growing Russia, China challenge; higher risk of war","BERLIN (Reuters) - China s growing military strength and a resurgent Russia will pose growing challenges to the trans-Atlantic alliance in coming years, and NATO s moves to bolster its capabilities could trigger a new Cold War-style arms race, a NATO report said. The report, completed once every four years, identifies 20 global trends that are likely to affect the alliance through 2035, ranging from artificial intelligence and accelerating technology development to climate change and growing inequality. General Denis Mercier, NATO Supreme Allied Commander Transformation, told Reuters the report showed a higher risk of major interstate war than in the 2013 report.  We see a considerable increase in the risk of a major interstate conflict,  Mercier said in an interview on the sidelines of the Berlin Security Conference. His command will release a companion report that maps out what NATO should do to respond to these trends in the spring, with both documents to inform the 2019 NATO political guidance.  Having a global awareness is more necessary than before. We have to be ready for any kind of scenario,  Mercier said, noting that globalization meant NATO had to weigh factors outside its region, including military expansion by China and India. Easy access to technology and the global nature of cyberspace would make it easier for terrorist networks to expand, challenging the current near-monopoly that state actors have on high-tech weapons, the report said. Environmental factors would also play a bigger role, from higher rates of natural disasters to the increased opening of the Arctic, the report said, as well as a growth in global debt and erosion of trust in financial institutions. The report said defense spending had begun increasing after Russia s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in 2014, and projections called for further increases through 2045. But it warned that the increases  might create a security dilemma and start an arms race, as was the case during the Cold War . It said competing budget priorities and fiscal constraints in member states could hamper their ability to meet NATO alliance requirement in the future. Mercier said NATO was already working to expand its capabilities in the cyber domain, and to ensure cyber protections were baked into every weapons system and network from the outset.  In NATO, we are under permanent attack in cyber,  he said, noting that the alliance had proven  quite good  at protecting itself thus far, but needed to remain vigilant. ",worldnews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
 FL ‘Responsible Gun Owners’ Shoot 9-Year-Old Girl During ‘Celebratory’ New Year’s Gunfire (VIDEO),"A bunch of the NRA s  responsible gun owners  in Florida rang in the new year with gunfire   something that had a very negative impact on at least one little girl s ability to enjoy herself. As she was leaving an Orlando church just after midnight, a massive amount of gunfire rang out. Was ISIS attacking? Nope. Was there yet another mass shooting happening? Negative. Was the American Taliban celebrating New Year s Day by wildly firing their weapons? Bingo.As the girl was exiting the service at a church on the 800 block of South Kirkman Road, the was struck in the right arm by a bullet, according to police. Law enforcement says that the girl was not targeted   the bullet came from one of many individuals who were wildly firing their  self-defense  weapons into the air in celebration of the holiday. There are many ways to enjoy the New Year, but firing random shots in the air should not be among them,  Orange County Sheriff Demings in a statement. Unfortunately, police do not think a suspect can be found because the round that struck the little girl seemed to be from the voluminous amounts of gunfire  happening at the time of this senseless shooting.Firing a gun in public or on a residential property is a crime, and can range from a first-degree misdemeanor to a third-degree felony. Unfortunately, the nation s ammosexuals do not care much about laws regarding guns, with many demanding that gun sellers ignore Obama s planned executive action to keep these dangerous weapons out of the hands of people who should not have them   a group that probably includes every single person who felt the appropriate way to ring in the new year is by randomly firing their guns and almost killing a child.The little girl was treated on the scene by the Orlando Fire Department, and is expected to recover from her injuries   fortunately.Watch a report on this senseless shooting below:Featured image via Guns.com",News,"January 1, 2016",0
Sanders defends Trump's praise of Australian healthcare system,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders said on Saturday that President Donald Trump was right to call Australia’s universal healthcare system better than the U.S. system. Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist who ran for the Democratic presidential nomination last year, also said the Senate should use the Australian system as a model while crafting an alternative to Republican healthcare legislation that Trump endorses. “President Trump is right. The Australian healthcare system provides healthcare to all of its people at a fraction of the cost than we do,” Sanders commented on Twitter. The tweet was accompanied by a short video that set out the virtues of Australia’s universal healthcare system, saying it guarantees better service to all Australians at about half the cost of U.S. healthcare. The video also noted that Australians can expect to live longer than Americans, on average.  Sanders’ tweet came two days after Trump told Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in New York: “You have better healthcare than we do.” The president’s comment raised eyebrows, coming just after the U.S. House of Representatives had approved a Trump-backed bill that would overturn much of former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law and move the U.S. system further away from universal coverage. The White House later said Trump was simply being nice to an ally and does not think the United States should adopt Australia’s healthcare approach.    The healthcare legislation that Trump endorses would pare back insurance protections for the sick, and, according to nonpartisan congressional researchers, would lead to 24 million more Americans being without health coverage by 2026. But the bill’s approval in the House on Thursday sent the legislation to the Senate, where it has little support. “We will take this pathetic healthcare bill, throw it in the garbage can and do something that will work for ordinary Americans instead,” Sanders said in a second Saturday tweet. A Vermont independent, Sanders has become more influential in the Senate since 2016, when he took his long-shot presidential bid and turned it into a political movement against inequality. (This story corrects name of Australian prime minister in paragraph 5) ",politicsNews,"May 6, 2017 ",1
PRIORITIES: Obama Puts Illegals Before Social Security Retirees In A BIG Way!,"Anyone who s been paying attention can tell you that Obama s agenda comes before the American people. You could play  Let me count the ways  for days with this president but here s one that s a doozy: President Obama has budgeted $17,613 for each of the estimated 75,000 Central American teens expected to illegally cross into the United States this year, $2,841 more than the average annual Social Security retirement benefit, according to a new report.The total bill to taxpayers: $1.3 billion in benefits to  unaccompanied children,  more than double what the federal government spent in 2010, according to an analysis of the administration s programs for illegal minors from the Center for Immigration Studies. The average Social Security retirement benefit is $14,772.The report notes that the president s budget, facing congressional approval, includes another $2.1 billion for refugees, which can include the illegals from Central America, mostly Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.What s more, the administration is also spending heavily on a program with the United Nations to help the illegal minors avoid the dangerous trip by declaring them refugees and handing them a plane ticket to the U.S. where, once here, they get special legal status.The report, titled  Welcoming Unaccompanied Alien Children to the United States,  is a deep dive into the administration s evolving efforts to let hundreds of thousands of mostly 16- and 17-year-old males settle in the country.Read more: WT ",politics,"May 2, 2016",0
PRO-ILLEGAL ADVOCATE Accuses Jesse Watters Of Hate Speech for Saying ‘Illegal Immigrant’ [VIDEO], ,politics,"Mar 4, 2017",0
"JOIN NATIONWIDE PLANNED PARENTHOOD PROTEST SATURDAY, AUG 22: Details For Protests In Your State Listed Here","STAND UP TO EVIL for profit! Join thousands of people committed to holding Planned Parenthood accountable for their evil actions. MissionProtestPP is a coalition of pro-life groups calling for a National Day of Protest on August 22, 2015 at Planned Parenthood facilities all across America. Our goal is to raise awareness of the heartless and even illegal activities of Planned Parenthood by going to where the killing and harvesting of body parts from aborted children takes place. The four main sponsors are: Created Equal, the Pro-Life Action League, 40 Days for Life, and Citizens for a Pro-Life Society.Creating a presence at neighborhood Planned Parenthood facilities is essential to inform the public about what is going on behind closed doors. Local sidewalk counselors and activists are a key component to shutting down Planned Parenthood in the long term.The National Day of Protest will strengthen local efforts by raising their profile with the local press, the community and other pro-life activists. Together, the protests held on August 22 will put pressure on the media, both local and national, to report the truth about Planned Parenthood, and on government officials to stop funding this discredited organization.Click here for MAP to find protest locations.WHAT: Protest PP s harvesting and selling of aborted baby parts WHERE: Over 300 Planned Parenthood facilities across America Click here to find a location near you. WHEN: August 22, 2015 from 9:00am-11:00am CONTACT: Email or call 773-777-2900Via: ProtestPP ",left-news,"Aug 21, 2015",0
"Jordan's King rejects change in status of Jerusalem, its holy sites","CAIRO (Reuters) - Jordan s King Abdullah on Wednesday rejected any attempt to change the status of Jerusalem or its holy sites, and said peace would not come to the region without a resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  All violence... is a result of a failure to find a peaceful solution to the Palestinian issue,  he told an emergency summit of Muslim leaders in Turkey. King Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Amman particularly sensitive to any changes of status after the Trump s administration s decision to recognize it as Israel s capital. ",worldnews,"December 13, 2017 ",1
"Who’s The Fascist? Barack Obama, Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?","Margaret Kimberly Global ResearchThe U.S. public loves fascists; they elect them, constantly. Donald Trump, who  says he would raise the minimum wage and stop the endless efforts at regime change,  is called a fascist by some.  But Hillary Clinton  is happy to bomb Libya or Syria or any other country,  and played a major role in mass Black incarceration. Barack Obama is the war-maker and deporter-in-chief.  All of the major party candidates fit the F word description in some way. Donald Trump is the ill spoken, boorish, graceless version of every American president in modern history. He differs from them only in his unconcealed appeals to white nationalism. But Democrats aren t much better. They pretend to work on behalf of human, civil and economic rights but those claims are lies. They are meant to hide their partnerships with corporate America, very wealthy individuals and the worldwide imperialist project.If Trump is a fascist then he will fit in nicely with the pantheon of horrific men we are told to respect and venerate. Barack Obama charges and convicts whistle blowers with the little used espionage act from the era of Woodrow Wilson. He claims and has exercised an invented right to kill Americans. His predecessor invaded and occupied Iraq but he continues the dirty deed there and in Afghanistan. He tries to fool the public by assassinating  al Qaeda number two,  over and over again. Al Qaeda certainly doesn t lack for plan B staffers.Bush the younger cut tax rates for rich people but Obama didn t change that. Under the guise of compromising with intransigent Republicans he did the same thing. When he and the Democrats controlled Congress in 2009 and 2010 they raised the minimum wage a paltry 70 cents.Conversely, Donald Trump says he would raise the minimum wage and says he would stop the endless efforts at regime change. Neither Hillary Clinton nor Bernie Sanders have questioned that fundamental premise of American foreign policy. Hillary Clinton has already proven herself to be particularly blood thirsty. She is happy to bomb Libya or Syria or any other country. Her so-called expertise amounts to nothing more than an expansion of state sponsored terror committed by the United States.Trump says he wouldn t cut Social Security while Barack Obama famously declared that he and his 2012 Republican opponent, Mitt Romney, agreed on the need to cut this program that was once called the  third rail  of politics.Every president since the 1980s has grown the horrific mass incarceration industry. Using wars on drugs as a pretext they have locked up 2 million people, half of whom are black. No one comes into office with any intention of undoing America s leadership as the world s worst jailer.American history teaches black people to be, at the very least, wary of public officials who are beloved by red necks as much as Trump is. When Trump speaks of preventing Muslim immigration or deporting all of the estimated 11 million undocumented people in this country he is making inherently racist appeals.That is why he is protested and rightly so. But the protesters have already missed the mark by giving a pass to equally questionable policy actions and statements coming from Democrats.It is a Democratic president who brought back a cold war against Russia and recklessly brought troops to the edge of that country s borders.This scenario was unheard of during the worst days of the cold war and now risks nuclear confrontation. That is because George W. Bush unilaterally abrogated the missile defense treaty with Russia. Perhaps he can be called a fascist also.The trade deals passed by American presidents with congressional connivance grow worse. There is no longer any pretense that their goal is to help corporations maximize profits and minimize everyone else s rights. Not even members of Congress were allowed access to the text of the Trans Pacific Partnership legislation.If Trump is protested, Obama ought to be as well. He is spending his last year in office on an imperialism tour. He goes to Hiroshima for photo opportunities with atomic bomb survivors while building more nuclear warheads than any other president. He tells endless lies about Russian  aggression  but he is the provocative head of state.Trump should be disliked by Latinos and everyone else when he says that Mexican immigrants are rapists and murderers. But Obama is the deporter in chief, sending a record number of Latino immigrants out of the country with dubious rationales, devastating them and their families.Apparently all of the major party candidates fit the F word description in some way. Trump s bombast and ignorance make him the easiest to pick out of the crowd but appearances are deceiving. It seems that if a politician has the right establishment credentials and knows how to give prepared speeches he or she can get away with committing any outrage.In just the last 40 years American presidents or their allied partners in crime have killed people in Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Congo, Somalia, Haiti, Grenada, Gaza, Kosovo, Serbia, Sudan, Syria, Libya and Yemen. What do they have to do to be called fascists? Showing bad manners seems to be the only thing that sets off expressions of outrage among Americans.There is already fascism in the White House, the Justice Department, the State Department and Congress. The only question is who will be the next person to keep that sick machinery running.This article originally appeared on Global ResearchGet 10% off a 21WIRE TV membership package today using promo code: STU21WIRETVEVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",Middle-east,"June 9, 2016",0
DEMOCRAT LAWMAKER WILL BE PUNISHED For Putting Jobs Before “Climate Change”: “They are after me”,"Tow the party line or pay a heavy price. There is no room for dissention in a party where thugs who cut backroom deals with climate change related lobbyists in DC dictate what is best for America. There s probably a very good reason that the Democrats have an avowed Socialist and a career criminal running neck in neck in their presidential primaries In a shocking exchange on Wednesday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Loony Liberal Senator Sheldon Whitehouse discussed whether the DOJ had considered civil action against climate change deniers. This tells you just how out of control this DOJ is. If you don t buy into the climate change scam then you will be punished. That s fine if you live in San Francisco and can afford a Tesla,  said Husing.  It s not fine if you re a poor family living in downtown San Bernardino   and the folks that stopped that deserve a welcome thanks. What happens when a Democratic lawmaker strays from party leaders on a key piece of Gov. Jerry Brown s policy agenda? One assemblywoman who held back support for a sweeping climate-change bill last year is starting to find out.Rep. Cheryl Brown (D-San Bernardino) was among a group of business-aligned Democrats who objected to a provision in the bill, SB 350, that would have cut California s motor vehicle petroleum use in half by 2030.Now Brown, a moderate, is facing what could be a bruising reelection fight against an intraparty challenger from the left, attorney Eloise Gomez Reyes. The race raises a question: What does it mean to be a Democrat in San Bernardino, where concerns over jobs often compete with those about the environment?Some early signs indicate Brown could be in trouble. Protesters have showed up at her local events. Some of her supporters have defected, endorsing Reyes early in the fight. Do you ever feel that something is not going quite right?  Brown said in a recent phone interview.  They are after me, and I still don t know why. I don t know who  they  are. But I will find out soon. Last week, Brown s suspicions began to crystallize when a dozen students in breathing masks from San Bernardino Valley College threw themselves on the floor of a town hall meeting she hosted.Brown was there to discuss the region s logistics industry and its vast network of trucking and distribution centers, which deliver everything from headphones to heads of lettuce to big-box retailers and Amazon customers throughout Southern California.At the event, Brown supporter John Husing, an economist with the Inland Empire Economic Partnership, discussed SB 350 s scrapped petroleum provision, which was removed after Brown and other Democrats objected to its inclusion. Husing came to Brown s aid, arguing that lower-income families might have been harmed by potential rising energy costs that may have resulted from implementation of the provision. That s fine if you live in San Francisco and can afford a Tesla,  said Husing.  It s not fine if you re a poor family living in downtown San Bernardino   and the folks that stopped that deserve a welcome thanks. A group of twenty-somethings interrupted him, calling Brown  a corporate hack.  They held up signs that read  People over Profits  and  Don t Sell Us Out.  Via: LA Times",politics,"Mar 13, 2016",0
Two more Trump campaign officials met Russian envoy: USA Today,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - At least two additional officials in Donald Trump’s presidential campaign said they spoke with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyan at a conference on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention last July, USA Today reported on Thursday. The newspaper said J.D. Gordon, who was the Trump campaign’s director of national security, and Carter Page, another member of the campaign’s national security advisory committee, both said they met the ambassador. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who also met Kislyan at the conference of diplomats in Cleveland that coincided with the Republican convention to select Trump as the party’s presidential candidate.  ",politicsNews,"March 2, 2017 ",1
"OBAMA’S RACISM CZAR, “REVEREND” AL SHARPTON CALLS FOR FEDERAL POLICE FORCE","Yeah putting the federal government in charge of our entire police force, sounds like a great idea Al. We re waiting for Al to call for an all black police force next you know, in the name of  fairness. Rev. Al Sharpton called for national policing legislation akin to the Civil Rights Act this morning at the kickoff his National Action Network s annual convention, just after the arrest of a white South Carolina police officer for murder in the shooting of an unarmed black man. There must be national policy and national law on policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.  We can t go from state to state, we ve got to have national law to protect people against these continued questions. Mr. Sharpton s comments, coming on the heels of multiple instances of police killings of unarmed men of color around the country, were met with applause from the crowd and from the dais, which was packed with elected officials including Mayor Bill de Blasio, Congressman Charles Rangel, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, city Comptroller Scott Stringer and state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoliThe convention kickoff, which featured a ribbon cutting with the lawmakers, came just hours after it was announced last night that North Charleston, S.C., police officer Michael T. Slager would be charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott who can be seen in a widely publicized video running away from Mr. Slager, while the officer shoots into the man s back repeatedly. The video offers a markedly different story than the one Mr. Slager first offered up: that Scott had stolen his taser and left him in fear for his life.Mr. Sharpton praised the city s mayor and police chief for bringing the charges, but said the nation couldn t rely on the judgement of local officials. We commend them, but we cannot have a justice system that hopes we have a mayor in the right city or a police chief,  he said.  We have to have one policy that is national. Mr. Sharpton later noted that the comparatively small town s officials had been braver than police leaders in bigger cities. He has been vocal about his belief that New York City police Daniel Pantaleo should have been charged with a crime in the death of an unarmed black Staten Island man, Eric Garner. A grand jury declined to indict Mr. Pantaleo, spurring protests throughout the city.That death, too, was captured in a widely published video. And though the footage did not lead to any charges, Mr. Sharpton said today the national legislation should focus on  cameras  as well as  accountability. He compared the fight for police reform to the civil rights struggle, noting that activists did not try to fix discrimination in individual states or cities. They fought for a national Civil Rights Act, a national Voting Rights Act. It s time for this country to have national policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.After the ribbon cutting, Mr. de Blasio whose first year in office was dominated by an effort to reform police-community relations after Garner s death and a subsequent City Hall feud with police union leadership said he agreed some kind of national standard should be set. It s a broad point he s making, and I think he way he made the analogy to the Voting Rights Act is the right one. We ve got to figure out how to create the right relationship between police and community,  Mr. de Blasio told reporters.  The vast majority of police do their job well and want to work more closely with the community. Obviously community residents want to work more closely with the police. But we have to create more of a national standard that says we all have to be on the same page. The relationship between Mr. de Blasio and Mr. Sharpton was fodder for his woes with police unions last year: they took umbrage when Mr. Sharpton was seated next to the mayor and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton at a City Hall round table, and dismissed Mr. Sharpton as divisive. A poll later showed voters didn t like the approaches of either Mr. Sharpton or the union leaders and rank-and-file officers who later turned their backs on Mr. de Blasio at the funeral for two slain officers.Today, Mr. Sharpton offered a full-throated defense his relationship with the mayor, saying it was based not on political power but on a long history of working together, citing Mr. de Blasio s support on issues like wage increases and the silent march against stop, question and frisk before his election. He marched with us when other candidates wouldn t. So don t begrudge us for knowing somebody that we always knew, and that was there in the trenches with us,  Mr. Sharpton said, saying he had never asked for favors or back room deals only access and policy changes.  There s nothing in the back room we want. We want everything out front. Via: The Observer",left-news,"Apr 9, 2015",0
COLLEGE STUDENTS EXPRESS DISGUST In Trump’s “First 100 Days”…Until They Find Out Interviewer Was Talking About Obama [VIDEO],"Campus Reform   Saturday will mark Donald Trump s 100th day in office, an important milestone for U.S. presidents ever since the flurry of panicked failings with which Franklin Roosevelt began his administration.While supporters of President Trump point to his slew of executive orders and the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch as markers of his success, detractors claim Mr. Trump has accomplished very little since taking office.Throughout the year, Campus Reform has shown how liberal professors and students across America have been quick to oppose the President s actions often without understanding important details about them.Hoping to tease out whether such reflexive opposition to Trump is based on policy disagreements or simply distaste for Trump himself, Campus Reform headed to George Mason University to ask students their opinions about the first 100 days.Watch George Mason student s reactions to questions that are actually about things Barack Obama did while in office, as the interviewer poses them as things President Trump accomplished: ",left-news,"Apr 28, 2017",0
Iran aircraft deals hang by thread as Trump targets Tehran,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s hawkish new approach towards Tehran, coupled with banking worries and domestic political turbulence in both countries, are causing growing uncertainty over Iran s $36 billion deal to buy airliners from Boeing, Airbus and ATR. IranAir s decision to buy a total of 200 aircraft from the two giants and Franco-Italian turboprop maker ATR marked the zenith of a 2015 pact between Tehran and world powers to renew trade in exchange for placing curbs on Iran s nuclear activity. IranAir says its $16.5 billion deal with Boeing is the biggest with a U.S. company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution.  Such high stakes make the deals a prominent target for critics of detente in both Washington and Tehran, and experts say that could further frighten off European banks and others whose reluctance to provide finance is already a major obstacle. Trump struck a blow against the nuclear agreement with Iran on Friday choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal and warning he might ultimately terminate it. His Iran strategy angered Tehran and put Washington at odds with other signatories of the accord - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union - some of which have benefited economically from renewed trade with Iran. While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. Even without such sanctions, the fate of the aircraft deals depends on U.S. administration approval. Several people involved in the airliner deals fear they have become too big to cancel but too sensitive to implement fully beyond a limited number of jets for which Iran has the funds to pay for in cash without foreign loans.  I don t see who would be willing to provide financing for Iran with such a negative groundswell in the United States,  said consultant and former aviation banker Bertrand Grabowski. That raises immediate concerns for Boeing as it prepares to start building 15 long-range, twin-engined 777-300ER jets, originally due for delivery to Iran from next April.  The fate of those aircraft - part of a total order for 80 jets - is seen affecting jobs as Boeing tries to put a floor under declining production of one of its most profitable models.  For the 777s it seems increasingly difficult now,  a Western banker said. Unexpected hurdles have arisen on the Iranian side too. Financial sources say Boeing has already had to push Iran back in the queue for jets because it has yet to receive a deposit. For now, Boeing can manage by juggling deliveries with other airlines. But a complete breakdown of the IranAir order could put new pressure on 777 production. U.S. exports are not the only ones at stake. Although the European Union backs the nuclear deal, the export of any Western aircraft to Iran depends on permits from the U.S. administration because of the number of U.S. parts. That means Airbus could get caught in the crossfire between Boeing and Congressional critics who want the whole deal axed, something likely to deepen tensions over Iran with Europe. Iran has so far imported nine aircraft: three from Airbus and six from turboprop maker ATR.     Losing the rest of Iran s business would hit Airbus s order book hard because it took the risk of booking all 100 Iranian plane sales last December to help beat Boeing in their annual order race. Boeing has not yet formally posted its orders.     Because the Airbus and Boeing deals are so interconnected, with approvals passing through Washington, all eyes are now on how Trump s administration will treat the high-profile plane deals while kicking the broader nuclear issue to Congress. Iran s Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Saturday any negative move would be considered a violation of the 2015 nuclear pact between Tehran and world powers.  Industry sources say Washington has so far issued licenses for aircraft sales to Iran until the end of the decade, after which they must be renewed.  Based on estimated delivery plans, that effectively opens the door to the 15 Boeing 777s and 30-40 Airbus jets, they said. Airbus and Boeing declined to comment on delivery schedules. One source said a possible outcome was that the status quo would remain in place regarding licenses already issued, because of the political and legal consequences of revoking them, but that it would become harder to extend or obtain new ones.  If so, the fate of the second part of the IranAir deals could be pushed beyond the next U.S. election in 2020, even if the nuclear pact survives scrutiny in Congress until then. And other airlines, like Aseman Airlines which has ordered 30 Boeing jets and may want to buy turboprops, face an uncertain wait for U.S. approval. A Boeing spokesman said Boeing and IranAir continue to work on implementing the contract. Airbus declined to comment. In Tehran, the aircraft deals remain center-stage as Iranian hard-liners seek to exploit the latest dispute with Washington to weaken domestic rivals who are open to the West.  For Iran it is important that the deal remains intact... the failure of the (plane) deals will be a major blow for us,  said a senior Iranian official.    Their collapse will have a domino effect on other deals and potential foreign investors.  ",worldnews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
Democratic leader Schumer emerges as Trump's newest punching bag,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump, who insulted rivals during his 2016 campaign with nicknames such as “Crooked Hillary” and “Little Marco,” has a new nemesis: U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, a man he derides as a “clown.” The rhetorical banter that erupted between the two New Yorkers this week centered on a fight over Republican plans to dismantle Obamacare, an effort that Trump has put at the top of his domestic agenda. Just two weeks before he is to be sworn in as the 45th U.S. president, Trump has taken to Twitter to denigrate the hard-charging senator, someone he feted at a fundraiser in 2008 for Democratic senators at the real estate magnate’s posh Florida oceanside estate. Schumer, whose Democrats are in the minority in the Senate but still have enough muscle to potentially block some of Trump’s legislative initiatives, clashed with the president-elect as Republicans this week took the first steps to try to gut President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law known as Obamacare. Schumer used Trump’s “Make America Great” campaign slogan to mock the Republican repeal effort, saying it would “make America sick again.” On Twitter, Trump shot back that Democrats were to blame for what he called the “failed Obamacare disaster.” He added: “Don’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web.” On Thursday, Trump wrote on Twitter that Democrats were being led by “head clown Chuck Schumer.” That prompted the Senate Democratic leader to say that Trump should stop wasting his time calling people names and instead “roll up his sleeves” and come up with a workable substitute for Obamacare. At campaign rallies last year, Trump attacks on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as “Crooked Hillary” stirred enthusiasm among his supporters who chanted “lock her up.” During the heated primary campaign season, Trump swatted at rival Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio with cries of “Lyin’ Ted,” “low-energy” Bush and “Little Marco.” The mocking may have been unorthodox, but it proved part of a winning formula, sweeping Trump’s opponents off the stage. Matthew Green, a Catholic University political science professor, said Trump is tangling with a different kind of opponent in Schumer. “He can name-call Democratic leaders in Congress, but he can’t get rid of them. They still occupy the legislative branch,” Green said. On the other hand, engaging with Trump carries risks for Schumer, who undoubtedly will feel pressure from the more liberal wing of the Democratic Party if he cuts deals, especially given the ire Trump stirs among millions of Democratic voters. Trump has outlined an ambitious legislative agenda including overhauling the tax code, a $1 trillion infrastructure investment program and renegotiating major trade deals, while also pumping up U.S. defense spending. Thomas Quinn, a Democratic activist and long-time Washington lobbyist, said Trump was fortunate to have Schumer as the top Democrat in the Senate, because, like Trump, the senator likes to cut deals and is a somewhat moderate Democrat. In some ways, Schumer is tailor-made for Trump. Both are bold New Yorkers expert at capturing media attention. However, their paths have rarely crossed until now.       Tony Sayegh, a New York-based Republican campaign strategist whose Jamestown Associates firm did work for Trump, warned that unless Democrats cooperate with Trump, he will use his bully pulpit to win public support. “Can you picture Air Force One landing in Indiana, in Montana, in western Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, central Michigan, and northern Wisconsin, and Donald Trump walks out and gets crowds these politicians could never dream of getting?”  ",politicsNews,"January 6, 2017 ",1
WATCH VIDEO MEDIA WILL NEVER SHOW THEIR VIEWERS: Massive Line Of People Who Lost Everything Wait To See President Trump Speak In Corpus Christie,"What a shame.NY Daily News went on to criticize President Trump for treating his visit like a campaign stop and for praising the excellent job Governor Abbott has done thus far. They also criticized him for acknowledging his FEMA Director William (Brock) Long, suggesting he s  a man who s really become very famous on television in the last couple of days.  Trump continued,  We appreciate it very much, you have been just outstanding,  Trump told Long.President Trump traveled to Corpus Christie, TX to reassure the victims of Hurricane Harvey that the federal, state and local governments are doing all that they can to restore their homes and their lives, following the most devastating storm in Texas  history.Here s part of what he had to say to the large crowd:As @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has said   the SPIRIT of TEXAS is absolutely incredible. #POTUS & @FLOTUS LOVE YOU ALL! #TexasStrong pic.twitter.com/yiVhROtrDL  Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) August 29, 2017Massive crowds outside Trump briefing in Corpus Christi on #Harvey relief efforts https://t.co/xeCq4sYNvs pic.twitter.com/LHH4EQQhE7  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) August 29, 2017",politics,"Aug 29, 2017",0
"Saudi has completed main wave of arrests in anti-graft purge, minister says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has completed the main wave of arrests in its sweeping crackdown on corruption and is preparing to channel billions of dollars of seized funds into economic development projects, a Saudi minister said on Monday.  As far as I know, this is the case,  Minister of Commerce and Investment Majid bin Abdullah al-Qasabi told Reuters when asked whether authorities had finished taking large numbers of top officials and businessmen into custody.  Now the government will not keep its mouth shut when it sees a corrupt case. So definitely it will act. But this is   in terms of its magnitude, in terms of scale, in terms of how, in terms of why, in terms of now, that s it,  he said. Dozens of princes, officials and businessmen were detained last month, about 200 people questioned, and over 2,000 bank accounts frozen in the purge, which has strengthened the authority of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Some suspects will go to court but authorities are seeking to reach financial settlements with most and said last week that the first deals had been done. Senior prince Miteb bin Abdullah, once seen as a leading contender for the throne, was freed after agreeing to pay over $1 billion, officials said. A special Ministry of Finance account has been opened to receive such funds, which the public prosecutor s office has estimated should eventually total between $50 billion and $100 billion, Qasabi said during a visit to Washington to meet U.S. businessmen.  This money definitely will be used for housing, for the general public needs, because it is the money for the people. It will not be used for any other issue but for development projects.  The public prosecutor is expected in a few days to issue a statement on the status of the investigation, including how many people are detained and how many face legal charges, Qasabi added. Riyadh is seeking huge amounts of U.S. and foreign investment to reduce its dependence on oil exports. Qasabi conceded that U.S. businessmen were somewhat concerned by the potential impact of the crackdown on corruption.  They re worried about if this is ... will be, the end of it or where it will stop,  he said.  But they all think this will be good for the country, because the country s leadership stood visibly to fight corruption, and ultimately this will be a level playing field for everybody.  The economic reforms include a privatization program that is to raise some $300 billion. In the past 18 months, there has been little concrete progress as deals have been slowed by red tape, legal uncertainties and high asking prices for assets, foreign businessmen say. Qasabi said the program was on track and the government, having identified sectors to be privatised, was working on the complex mechanics of asset transfers that would take place by mid-2019. Sea ports will be a major area of activity, he said. Privatization of grain mills under the Saudi Grains Organisation is in its final phase and could be completed by mid-2018, Qasabi added. The economy has been hit hard in the past couple of years by low oil prices and government austerity measures. Authorities have promised stimulus steps and Qasabi noted they had this year increased the capital of the Saudi Industrial Development Fund, which makes soft loans to businesses. More stimulus measures are likely to be announced with the 2018 state budget, expected to be released in late December, or before then, he added. Financial incentives offered by the government could total 70 billion riyals ($18.7 billion). Qasabi chairs a program that encourages strategic Saudi companies to expand globally in sectors such as food, logistics, pharmaceuticals and petrochemicals. The government will allocate money to help them grow by acquiring other firms locally, he said. ",worldnews,"December 5, 2017 ",1
China paves way for prosecuting disgraced senior politician,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China s largely rubber stamp parliament has expelled disgraced senior politician Sun Zhengcai, once considered a contender for top leadership, state media said on Saturday, paving the way for formal criminal charges to be laid against him. The expulsion removes Sun s immunity from prosecution as a member of parliament. The announcement, carried by the official Xinhua news agency, gave no other details.  Sun was abruptly removed from his post as Chongqing party chief in July and replaced by Chen Miner, who is close to President Xi Jinping. Later that month, he was put under investigation and in September, the party announced he would be prosecuted for corruption. Sun was accused of leaking secrets, bribery and abusing his power. Chongqing is perhaps best known outside China for its association with Bo Xilai, its disgraced former party boss. He, too, was once a contender for top leadership. He was jailed for life in 2013 after a dramatic corruption scandal. It has not been possible to reach Sun or a representative for comment since he was put under investigation. It s unclear if he has been allowed to retain a lawyer.  ",worldnews,"November 4, 2017 ",1
 Tom Cotton Accepted $1 Million From Israel To Sabotage Iran Nuclear Deal,"How much money does it take for a foreign nation to buy a United States Senator? Just ask Republican Tom Cotton.For a lousy $1 million paycheck, Israel hired Cotton to lead an effort to sabotage the Iran nuclear deal that the Obama Administration toiled for months to achieve.Bill Kristol s Emergency Committee for Israel donated to Cotton s senatorial campaign and not long after taking office, Cotton penned a letter signed by 47 of his colleagues to Iranian leaders in an attempt to get them to abandon the negotiations by warning that a Republican president will not honor any deal struck.His effort to sabotage important diplomatic negotiations even drew criticism from a former Army General who expressed disappointment because as a former veteran himself, Cotton should know better than to undermine the Commander-in-Chief.In July, Cotton continued his effort by comparing Secretary of State John Kerry and the Iran Deal to Pontius Pilate and the crucifixion of Jesus.Then Cotton openly made an oath to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during a trip to Israel in which he pledged his allegiance to Israel and vowed to sabotage the Iran deal. Today s meeting only reaffirms my opposition to this deal,  Cotton announced.  I will stand with Prime Minister Netanyahu and Israel and work with my colleagues in Congress to stop this deal and to ensure that Israel has the means to defend itself against Iran and its terrorist surrogates. And this perfectly illustrates how Israel got Republicans to turn against their own country, and is fitting since a recent NSA leak has revealed that Israel did, indeed, bribe GOP members of Congress to rail against the Iran deal.As Addicting Info reported last week,A U.S. intelligence official who was involved in managing the NSA intercepts said Israel s communications with Republicans included such questions as:  How can we get your vote? What s it going to take?  What further denial of treason can be made by either Republicans or Israel at this point?Clearly, Israel successfully bought their new puppets considering Republicans crusaded against the deal for months. And the fact that America s broken campaign finance laws gave Israel the secret opportunity to donate to campaigns like Cotton s only makes Republican and Israeli treachery all the more credible.Cotton got a million dollars for his campaign from an Israel Super PAC and then went to work for his Israeli overlords to sabotage American foreign policy.Sometimes, it really is that simple.Featured Image: Gage Skidmore (flickr)",News,"January 4, 2016",0
"Japan's Abe, UK May pledge cooperation on North Korea threat","TOKYO (Reuters) - The leaders of Japan and Britain pledged on Thursday to cooperate in countering the threat posed by North Korea, two days after it fired a missile over northern Japan.      North Korea s reckless action is a threat  to Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told his National Security Council.  Japan and Britain will cooperate to counter this.  British Prime Minister Theresa May, attending the meeting during a visit to Japan, said:  Through our deepened security partnership, we must work together to enhance our collective response to the threats to international order and global peace and stability. And that must include confronting the threat that North Korea poses and ensuring that this regime in North Korea stops its aggressive acts.  ",worldnews,"August 31, 2017 ",1
 Ted Cruz Is Finding It Hard To Even Get Love From His Own Daughter (VIDEO),"When thinking about who would be the best fit for President of the United States, Republican Senator Ted Cruz should be nowhere near the top of that list. It s pretty much openly known that he s not well liked in Washington, and the only thing he s really ever successfully done was shut down the government (which isn t a good thing, it puts thousands out of work and can be a potential national security risk).Even former Republican presidential candidate and longtime Senator Bob Dole told the NY Times regarding Cruz: I don t know how he s going to deal with Congress. Nobody likes him. Now, at a campaign stop, as Cruz was greeting his daughters after they came off the bus, it was almost poetic how even his own daughter wanted absolutely nothing to do with him. He reached for her and she shooed him away, then as he went for a hug and a kiss, she tried as best as she could to get away from him.Keep in mind, what you re about to see in no way is meant to attack Sen. Ted Cruz s daughter. It s just a video that caught a moment that seems worthy of showing. Children, often times, won t want anything to do with their parents. With that said, here s the clip of Cruz s daughter seemingly wanting absolutely nothing to do with her father, just like the rest of the country. Ted Cruz tries to get a hug from his daughter on campaign trail. (@VaraBBC) pic.twitter.com/jEQCcgRP68  Breaking News Feed (@pzf) January 31, 2016 Video/Featured image: Twitter",News,"January 31, 2016",0
U.S. opens door to a change in blood donation policy for gay men,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration opened the door on Tuesday to a change in its blood donor deferral recommendations, which currently prohibit donations from gay men for a year following their last sexual encounter in order to reduce the risk of transmitting HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. In December the FDA overturned a 30-year ban on all blood donations from men who have sex with men, saying the change was based on science showing an indefinite ban was not necessary to prevent transmission of the human immunodeficiency virus. The FDA is now signaling it may go further. Gay rights advocates say the latest update did not go far enough and that the agency’s recommendations should move closer to individual risk assessments, which could, for example, look at whether an individual has been in a monogamous relationship. Their criticism intensified in the wake of a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, in June, which saw many gay men unable to donate blood even as blood banks put out calls for donors. In a notice posted to the Federal Register, the FDA said it was establishing a public docket for comment about its current recommendations and that interested people should submit comments, backed by scientific evidence, supporting alternative potential policies to reduce the risk of HIV transmission.  Such suggestions “could include the feasibility of moving from the existing time-based deferrals related to risk behaviors to alternate deferral options, such as the use of individual risk assessments.” The agency said it would take the comments into account “as it continues to reevaluate and update blood donor deferral policies as new scientific information becomes available.” The FDA’s action comes after 115 members of the U.S. House of Representatives, led by Democrat Mike Quigley, vice chair of the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus, wrote to FDA Commissioner Robert Califf calling on him to end the current policy, saying it discriminated against men who have sex with men. A similar letter was signed by 22 senators. In a statement on Tuesday, Quigley said he was “encouraged” by the FDA’s announcement. “The tragedy at Pulse nightclub in Orlando highlighted the discrimination gay and bisexual men face when attempting to donate blood to those in need,” he said. “Moving towards an individual risk assessment would provide for a fair, equitable, nondiscriminatory blood donation policy, one based in science that allows all healthy Americans to safely donate blood.” ",politicsNews,"July 26, 2016 ",1
Mattis says North Korea missile test meant to provoke,"RIYADH (Reuters) - The failed North Korean missile test over the weekend was an attempt by the reclusive country to “provoke something,” U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday, pledging that the  United States will work with China to reduce tensions.  U.S. President Donald Trump has taken a hard line with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who has rebuffed admonitions from China and proceeded with nuclear and missile programmes seen by Washington and others as a direct threat. On Saturday North Korea carried out a missile launch which the Pentagon said failed, blowing up almost immediately . Speaking with reporters on his way to the Middle East, Mattis said the most recent test was not an intercontinental ballistic missile but still a reckless move. “It shows why we are working so closely right now with the Chinese... to try to get this under control and aim for the denuclearized Korean peninsula,” Mattis said. Trump acknowledged on Sunday that the softer line he had taken on China’s management of its currency was linked to its help on North Korea. The United States, its allies and China are working on a range of responses to North Korea’s missile test, U.S. officials have said. China itself has spoken out against the North’s weapons tests and has supported U.N. sanctions.  It banned imports of North Korean coal on Feb. 26, cutting off its most important export and Chinese media has raised the possibility of restricting oil shipments to North Korea if it unleashed more provocations. On Monday U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice, warning that recent U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed that the Trump administration’s resolve should not be tested. The Trump administration is focusing its strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including an oil embargo, a global ban on its airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang. The North has warned of a nuclear strike against the United States if provoked. It has said it has developed and would launch a missile that can strike the mainland United States but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering the necessary technology, including miniaturizing a nuclear warhead. ",politicsNews,"April 18, 2017 ",1
Senate revokes Obama federal land-planning rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday revoked a rule that aimed to give the public more input into federal land management decisions, the latest move by the Republican-led Congress to undo Obama administration environmental regulations it sees as a burden. The Senate voted 51-48 to approve a resolution to repeal the Bureau of Land Management’s Resource Management Planning rule, known as BLM 2.0, finalized in December by the Obama administration.  The rule updated the 30-year process the agency followed when developing land-use plans across the 245 million acres of federal land it manages. Senators who voted to revoke the rule, such as Republican Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, said it diluted local authority over decisions about how to use land for grazing, energy and mineral development and recreation, and gave outside voices an outsized say in local matters. Supporters, such as the energy committee’s top Democrat, Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington, said the rule modernized the existing BLM process to make it more transparent. “When it comes to public lands, we want transparency, we want sunshine, we want a bottom-up approach when it comes to land management,” Cantwell said.  Republicans have taken advantage of a seldom-used law known as the Congressional Review Act to overturn the BLM 2.0 rule as well as other recently enacted regulations with simple majorities in both chambers, denying senators the opportunity to filibuster and stall a vote. Last month, Republicans repealed a securities disclosure rule aimed at curbing corruption at energy and mining companies and voted to ax methane emissions limits on drilling operations using the CRA.   Some conservation groups said using the CRA to revoke the measure was a “knee-jerk” and unnecessary measure, and that the land planning rule could have been revised by the BLM. “I struggle to understand why they would waste their time trying to strike down this rule and why not let the administration fix the rule,” said Phil Hanceford of the Wilderness Society.  ",politicsNews,"March 7, 2017 ",1
WATCH: HARVARD STUDENTS Caught On Tape Saying White People Should Kill Themselves For Having “White Privilege”,"Is there a worse crime than being a white male in America? Unless you re a gay male, you have no victim protection. So technically, in a liberals world your life has no real value. It s hard to argue with these  bright  Harvard students who say things like, Your life  ain t  worth it.  I m pretty sure the student featured in this video s parents (if they had to pay the $57,000 tuition tab that  privileged  kids parents have to pay) wouldn t be too happy about his clearly underdeveloped language skills. Why does white life have value? Our argument is that we should never affirm white life. So, should he kill himself? I don t see why not. Why should he do that? How does that help? It s ethical. How is it ethical? We all have some form or another of privilege. Why does that mean we should kill ourselves Because you have WHITE privilege. Why does having white privilege necessarily mean I should kill myself? Why shouldn t I like struggle against the structure thing? Struggling against the structure means putting yourself on the line, putting your body on the line. Do it. Affirmative suicide,  I mean, it s one little step in the right direction Watch: White life is wrong,  Feliciano was quoted as saying by Infowars.com.  Our argument is that we should never affirm white life. White life is based off black subjugation. When a white debater asked Feliciano whether he should commit suicide, Feliciano said  I don t see why not, it s ethical. When the white debater suggested that it might be better to remain alive and fight the social forces that promote  white privilege,  Feliciano rejects the notion.Ironically, the debate topic was supposed to be about renewable energy. The black debaters simply  chose  to point out their opponents  skin color and begin advocating genocide,  reported InvestmentWatchdogBlog.com.  They expressly stated that these were their  sincere beliefs,  not just an argument to win a debate. Feliciano and Davis are not some anonymous student crackpots posing as serious debaters.They form a respected two-person debate team that took second place at the 2013 Cross-Examination Debate Association Nationals, according to Infowars.com.Feliciano also acts as an instructor at the Eddie Conway Liberation Institute, an annual debate camp at Coppin State University that reportedly instructs high school students on debate strategy and radical thought, Infowars reported.The institute is named after former Black Panther Party member Eddie Conway, who was convicted and imprisoned for 44 years for his involvement with the 1970 murder of a Baltimore police officer. Via:EAG News ",politics,"Mar 16, 2016",0
Britain says window to restore Northern Ireland devolution closing rapidly,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Northern Ireland s political parties are rapidly running out of time to restore a devolved power-sharing government, Britain s minister for the region said on Monday, as he sought to avoid a return of direct rule from London.  The window of opportunity to restore devolution and to form an executive is closing rapidly as we move further into the autumn and with pressures in public services already evident, the need for intervention is becoming increasingly clear,  James Brokenshire told a news conference.  I don t want to have to take this action, my intent is for politicians in Northern Ireland to form an executive. I m not going to pretend that this is easy as clear differences remain but it does remain achievable.   ",worldnews,"September 4, 2017 ",1
"American Scientists Harvesting Human Organs in Live Pigs, Creating a Human-Pig Embryo","21st Century Wire says This is one step closer to the future industry of farming organs in human surrogates.American scientists are now trying to grow human organs inside of pigs in order to  tackle the donor shortage  (problem, reaction, solution).The potential for limitless profits here is immense  The GuardianScientists trying to grow human organs inside pigs in an attempt to tackle a shortage of donors have successfully created part-human, part-pig embryos, it has been reported.Researchers at the University of California, Davis combined human stem cells and pig DNA and allowed the embryos to mature for 28 days, before terminating the experiment and analysing the tissue.They believe that the animals, which would have a human internal organ, may look and behave like any other pig and could be a ready source of organs for life-saving transplants.It was reported earlier this year that scientists had begun attempts to create the embryos but there has been opposition from authorities. In September last year, the US National Institutes of Health said it would not back research into so-called chimeras until it knew more about the implications.It cited fears that the presence of human cells could affect the animal s brain and behaviour, potentially making it more human. Prof Pablo Ross, the reproductive biologist leading the research, sought to calm those fears, saying that there was a  very low potential for a human brain to grow .Peter Stevenson, from Compassion in World Farming, told the BBC s Panorama programme:  I m nervous about opening up a new source of animal suffering. Let s first get many more people to donate organs. If there is still a shortage after that, we can consider using pigs, but on the basis that we eat less meat so that there is no overall increase in the number of pigs being used for human purposes. But Prof Ross said:  Our hope is that this pig embryo will develop normally but the pancreas will be made almost exclusively out of human cells and could be compatible with a patient for transplantation. Continue this story at the GuardianREAD MORE TRANSHUMANISM NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Transhumanist Files",Middle-east,"June 6, 2016",0
 Republican’s Excuse For Cutting Food Stamps: The Bible Says Unemployed ‘Shall Not Eat’,"Republican lawmakers love using the Bible to dictate their policies. They especially love using it to justify pushing spending cuts to social programs   even if it means intentionally misreading their favorite passages.In Texas, Rep. Jodey Arrington decided his support for cutting parts of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program needed a bit of New Testament spin. How does one defend taking the food out of mouths of hungry people using the Bible? By cherrypicking this quote: If a man will not work, he shall not eat. During a debate on whether or not Republicans will further gut SNAP benefits, Arrington cited the biblical verse in response to a Jewish anti-hunger group pleading with Congress not to do something so foolish as to further dismantle food stamps. He probably thought he was being pretty clever.Arrington isn t the first to use the line. It s extremely popular with conservatives. So popular, in fact, that the Daily Kos once devoted an entire article to debunking the misinterpretation of the quote.What s important to understand is working was secondary in this context, this is not so much a moral decree about work, the main message is a warning not to take advantage of the Christian obligation to feed the hungry, especially if you are screwing up the church and community tasked with doing that by behaving like a twelve year-old socialite.In other words, the real meaning is to judge a man by his heart, not by his employment status. And as the Washington Post points out, in today s economy, being  unemployed  doesn t mean lazy, unmotivated, or being a leech. As the economy continues to separate between the  haves  and the  have-nots,  finding employment can be hard.The verse in question applies specifically to people who can work or otherwise contribute to society but choose not to, said theologians from several denominations who spoke to The Post. There is a perception, among some voters and lawmakers, that many adult SNAP recipients are exactly this sort of  freeloader. But policy experts say that is not the case. Many unemployed adults on SNAP simply cannot work, they say. Those include the mentally ill, the borderline disabled and veterans.Here s economist Justin Wolfers putting the sad reality of America s employment into a stunning graph:It takes a certain kind of mind to look at these trends and conclude that tax cuts for the top 1% are an urgent national priority. pic.twitter.com/6s9Jwr0a8w  Justin Wolfers (@JustinWolfers) March 31, 2017Arrington has both biblical and economic reasons to doubt his own reasoning. Instead, his real ideology   the Church of Conservative Magical Thinking   led him to ignore it all in favor of more cuts to the poor to benefit the very richest in the country.And as if voters needed yet another reminder of why elections matter: Arrington has only been on the job two months. He was voted into office this year. He barely moved into his office and already he s going after the most disadvantaged people in his district. Hats off to his efficiency, but then, institutionalized cruelty often is.Featured image via the Washington Post",News,"March 31, 2017",0
Democrats urge FCC to drop plan to revise TV ownership rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday urged the Federal Communications Commission to cancel a vote scheduled for Thursday on a measure to reverse a 2016 rule that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi warned that the changes could be harmful to consumers, hitting their wallets and their access to an independent media voice, as she cited press reports of a possible acquisition by Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI.O) of Tribune Media Co stations (TRCO.N). Under rules adopted in 1985, stations with weaker over-the-air signals could be partially counted against a broadcaster’s ownership cap. But last year, the FCC under Democratic President Barack Obama said those rules were outdated after the 2009 conversion to digital broadcasting - which eliminated the differences in station signal strength - and revoked them in September. Federal law limits companies to owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households; there is a dispute over whether the FCC has the authority to amend the ownership limits. The 2016 decision did not require any company to sell existing stations, but could bar new acquisitions. Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) in September challenged the FCC rule in federal court. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in March that he wanted to repeal the Obama FCC decision and “launch a comprehensive review of the national ownership cap” later this year. In a letter, Pelosi and Representative Frank Pallone, who is the ranking Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, urged Pai to drop the plan, which could allow the Sinclair-Tribune tie-up. “That would be bad news for consumers in Tribune’s markets in two ways: First, consumers would lose an independent voice in their media market; and second, consumers could see their cable bills go up because Sinclair charges cable operators more than Tribune for retransmission consent,” they wrote. Another Democrat, Representative Anna Eshoo, wrote Pai asking him to drop the plan, saying that further consolidation “will ensure there are fewer independent news outlets serving as a counter-balance to misleading or inaccurate information.”  Tribune and a spokesman for Pai both declined comment.    Reuters reported in March that Sinclair had approached Tribune to discuss a potential combination, in a deal that would hinge on regulations being relaxed. Pai’s broad FCC ownership review could launch a new wave of consolidation in the broadcast television industry, analysts and companies said. CBS Corp (CBS.N) lobbyist John Orlando urged the FCC in January to reverse the Obama decision and reinstate the prior rule, citing increased competition. “Time is of the essence in providing broadcasters the ownership breathing room they so desperately need to compete with other video services,” he said, according to a CBS FCC filing. “Our industry has been frozen in time for more than three years.... Since then, our video competitors have marched on unfettered by ownership limits,” he said, referring to online outlets and cable companies. ",politicsNews,"April 19, 2017 ",1
Brazil appeals court schedules early decision on Lula appeal,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian appeals court on Tuesday said it would decide on Jan. 24 on an appeal by former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva against a corruption conviction that could bar him from running in the 2018 presidential race. Despite the conviction and four other charges of corruption, the leftist icon and former labor union leader remains Brazil s most popular politician and is leading early opinion polls ahead of next year s poll. Brazil s benchmark Bovespa stock index rallied on the news, first reported on the website of newspaper Folha de S.Paulo, to close 1.4 percent higher.  Investors had been wary that a delay in the appeals court decision until later next year would give Lula more time to consolidate himself as the front-runner in the campaign, making it harder for judges to bar his candidacy.  Lula s lawyers criticized the  record  speed at which the appeals process was being brought to a decision. If the TRF-4 regional appeals court in Porto Alegre upholds the conviction, Lula can appeal to higher courts, but he would be blacklisted and unable to run for office. A Datafolha survey published on Dec. 2 showed Lula gaining at least 34 percent of the votes if the election were held today, double the support for his nearest rival. It also showed him winning a runoff against likely contenders, Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin, far-right Congressman Jair Bolsonaro or environmentalist Marina Silva. Lula was Brazil s first working-class president and millions of Brazilians were lifted from poverty by social programs introduced during his two terms in office from 2003-2010. His handpicked successor Dilma Rousseff was impeached last year for breaking budget laws, ending 13 years of rule by Lula s Workers Party. Critics say his legacy was Brazil s worst economic recession and its biggest corruption scandal. Lula was sentenced in July to nearly 10 years in jail for accepting 3.7 million reais ($1.1 million) in bribes from an engineering firm in return for help winning public contracts. Prosecutors said the money was spent refurbishing a beach resort apartment for him. In recent months, Lula has toured Brazil as if he were already campaigning, rallying crowds of supporters in rural areas that benefited from his poverty relief programs. But in an interview in August he told Reuters that the conviction might mean his party will have to field a candidate other than him in the Oct. 7 election. ",worldnews,"December 13, 2017 ",1
Merkel points to grand coalition with Social Democrats,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel on Saturday welcomed the prospect of talks on a  grand coalition  with her Social Democrat (SPD) rivals and defended the record of the previous such government, saying it had worked well. Merkel s fourth term was cast into doubt when the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) walked out of three-way coalition talks with her conservative bloc and the Greens last Sunday, causing a political impasse in Europe s biggest economy. But on Friday, the SPD reversed a previous decision and agreed to talk to Merkel, raising the possibilities of a new  grand coalition  which has ruled Germany for the last four years, or of a minority government. Addressing party members on Saturday, Merkel argued voters had given her conservatives a mandate to rule in the Sept. 24 election which handed her party the most parliamentary seats but limited coalition options. Her conservatives bled support to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD).  Europe needs a strong Germany, it is desirable to get a government in place quickly,  Merkel told a regional party meeting in northern Germany, adding, however, that her acting government could carry on day to day business.  Asking voters to go to the polls again would, I think be totally wrong,  she said. On Monday, Merkel had said she would prefer new elections to a minority government in which her party would be only held in power by others. Without even mentioning the option of a minority government, Merkel said she wanted to look ahead after the setbacks of the last week. Sounding self-assured and drawing applause during her speech, she turned her attention fully to the SPD.  Welcoming the prospect of talks with her former partner, she defended the record of the last coalition.  We worked well together,  she said, adding under the grand coalition, Germany enjoyed the strongest labor market for decades, a balanced budget and pensioners and families had benefited, she argued. President Frank-Walter Steinmeier is to host Merkel, SPD leader Martin Schulz and the leader of her conservative CSU  sister party for a meeting on Thursday. Steinmeier had exerted considerable pressure on Schulz to change course for the sake of stability in Germany. However, no one is saying things will be easy and the two former partners are already jostling over policy.  Merkel said her aims are to maintain Germany s solid finances, cut some taxes and expand the digital infrastructure.  In a nod to her CSU conservative allies, she also said she aims to limit the number of migrants entering Germany to 200,000 per year. This, however, may be hard for the SPD to swallow.  A cap, which may not be called that, breaches the constitution and the Geneva Convention. With the SPD there will be no limit put on family members who want to join asylum seekers,  SPD deputy leader Ralf Stegner told the Funke media group.  Schulz, who had until Friday rejected any deal with Merkel, said there was nothing automatic about the outcome and promised party members a vote on talks.  The SPD is split as many members fear that renewing a grand coalition would be political suicide. It scored its worst result since 1933 in the September election. Several other leading SPD members have called for other commitments, such as investment in education and homes.  Some senior SPD members have made clear that they will not let Merkel hold them hostage.  Mrs Merkel is not in a position to be setting conditions,  Malu Dreyer, premier of the state of Rhineland Palatinate, told the Trierscher Volksfreund. ",worldnews,"November 25, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: Bill Maher Hilariously Explains Why Trump Ditched McConnell And Ryan For Chuck And Nancy," Republicans have been furious with Donald Trump lately. He blindsided them by ditching House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI), and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-NY), now dubbed his new friends,  Chuck and Nancy.  However, Bill Maher, host of HBO s Real Time, seems to think that there is a very simple answer to this: Trump relates to  Chuck and Nancy  because he has the big city life in common with them. Using the children s book  The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse  to illustrate his point, Maher says: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, they re city mice, and that s who a consummate New Yorker like Donald Trump relates to. Maher then goes on to say that, prior to running for the presidency as a Republican, Trump  would never be caught dead hanging around with a traveling Bible salesman like Paul Ryan, or a corny, countrified goober like Mitch McConnell. For Christ s sakes the man is from Kentucky. Jeff Sessions is from Alabama. When he talks, all Trump hears is a tiny little Earnest movie. Maher then takes on Vice President Mike Pence, saying: And Mike Pence? It must be torture for Trump to be in the White House every day with that homespun, Christian, tightly wound human hard on. He literally won t dine with an unchaperoned woman. Meanwhile, Trump has spent his entire life posing with a shit-eating grin that says look at all the pussy I m getting. At the end of the monologue, Maher gives a brutal message to so-called  Real Americans: I hate to break it to you, but what Trump likes about Chuck and Nancy, is that they re not you. This is absolutely true. Before running for president, Donald Trump was a typical New York Democrat. He doesn t give a shit about social issues or religion, and he sure as hell doesn t give a shit about the fools who put him in office. His own kids couldn t vote for him in New York s GOP primary because they were registered as Democrats. He s given bunches of money to Democratic politicians for years. Trump is no Republican. He just knew he could play that side of the aisle for fools, when he d never have had a chance running as a Democrat.Furthermore, Trump would never be caught dead hanging with any of the people who voted for him. And all those countrified middle American women who say that he can grab their pussies any time? Yeah, he wouldn t touch you with someone else s dick.Too bad those voters would vote for this guy again in a heartbeat.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 23, 2017",0
HELL-BENT ON A CONVICTION: Is The Pentagon’s Third Attempt At Convicting A Marine For The Death Of An Iraqi Citizen Politically Motivated?,"Which begs the question:How many Iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? And do the rules of engagement only apply to the US Military? A retrial is set to begin Monday at Camp Pendleton for a Marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an Iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the Iraq war.Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a Marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former Iraqi police officer in Hamandiya, west of Baghdad.The killing was meant as a warning to Iraqis to stop planting roadside bombs and cooperating with insurgent snipers attacking U.S. troops.Six other Marines and a Navy corpsman were also convicted in what was called the Pendleton 8 case. As the squad leader, Hutchins got the longest sentence, 15 years, later reduced to 11.Appeals courts twice have overturned Hutchins  conviction: once on grounds that the NCIS illegally obtained a confession, once because his lawyer was allowed to retire on the eve of trial. The Marine Corps has opted for a retrial.Hutchins has spent more than six years behind bars, first at the federal prison at Ft. Leavenworth, Kan., and then the brig at Miramar Marine Corps Air Station in San Diego. Since mid-2013, he has been free on appeal, restored to his rank of sergeant and assigned to Camp Pendleton, living with his wife and children.The legal case has provoked strong, contrasting opinions among Marines.Several of Hutchins  co-defendants, all of whom are long since freed and returned to civilian life, believe the killing, while brutal, saved American lives because attacks on U.S. troops declined in the following months.Other Marines believe the Marine Corps must retry Hutchins to prove that it can hold its ranks accountable for the unauthorized use of deadly force. The Marine Corps is doing what justice demands,  said Gary Solis, a retired Marine and now an adjunct law professor at Georgetown University. It is being neither unfair nor harsh,  Solis said.  An innocent Iraqi male was taken prisoner by Hutchins and his squad and, while he was bound, repeatedly shot in the face [and] murdered. Much of the evidence against Hutchins will come from squad members who were convicted in the case, Solis noted:  Given the unusually strong case against Hutchins   the Marine Corps would be derelict were it to walk away from the murder of a defenseless Iraqi. But Bing West, former Marine, former assistant secretary of Defense and author of books about combat Marines in Iraq and Afghanistan, said that, given the chaos facing Marine  grunts  during the Iraq war, a retrial is unwarranted. In a savage war, Sgt. Hutchins, mistakenly believing he was protecting his squad, killed an innocent Iraqi,  West said.  He has spent several years in the brig. Further punishment would be unjust. It is time to allow him and all of us to move on. Marine prosecutors would not comment.Christopher Oprison, a former Marine and Hutchins  defense attorney, has promised a vigorous defense in which he will assert that the Marine Corps is continuing to pursue his client for political purposes. The case, he said,  is an indictment of the entire military justice system. The prosecution is basing its case on the information obtained by rogue NCIS agents who forced these young Marines to confess under threats and coercion. Oprison insists that comments made by Navy Secy. Ray Mabus in 2009 alleging guilt by the Pendleton 8 have tainted the case and prevented Hutchins from getting a fair trial. The political pressure to make an example out of Sgt. Hutchins is palpable,  Oprison said.  Enough is enough. The gloves are off. We hope to have Sgt. Hutchins home with his wife and children on Father s Day   a free man. Under military rules, the jury will include officers and enlisted, most of whom, if not all, have served combat tours in Iraq, Afghanistan or both. The jury will decide guilt or innocence, and punishment.Via: LA Times",Government News,"Jun 8, 2015",0
Liberty Report talks to Vanessa Beeley: ‘Everything the US media says about Aleppo is wrong’,"21st Century Wire says Why are western media lying and producing a fictional narrative regarding the situation unfolding in Aleppo, Syria?Ron Paul Liberty Report co-host Daniel McAdams talks with 21WIRE special contributor Vanessa Beeley about what is really happening in Aleppo right now. Beeley also reveals new information about the western covert creation, a pseudo  NGO  called the White Helmets in Syria.What s really going on in Aleppo? Are Assad and Putin exterminating the population for sport? Is it a war against US-backed  moderates ? That is what the mainstream media would have us believe. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"September 29, 2016",0
"BOYCOTT! Pro-Gun Control Seth (Racist) Rogen, Star Of Newly Released “Steve Jobs” Movie Sends Vulgar Tweet: “F*ck You Ben Carson”","If you only attack black conservatives, does that make you exempt from being called a  racist? When will Americans stop supporting foreigners like Josh Rogen who openly spout off about about their disdain for conservatives while advocating for gun control in our country?On the eve of the release of Universal s  Steve Jobs,  star Seth Rogen fired off a hate-tweet at black Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson.  Fuck you @realBenCarson,  the tweet said. In another tweet, Rogen, a high-profile Hillary Clinton supporter (and Canadian citizen), expressed his anger over comments Carson made about gun control and Nazi Germany.Carson believes Jews might have had a better chance at resisting the Nazi regime had they not been disarmed by that regime in advance. Rogen, who is Jewish, and much of the national media are horrified over the idea of Jews with guns fighting Nazis, something Jews did frequently throughout WWII with scrounged guns.Whether it is kids in classrooms or Jews in Nazi Germany, Carson proved this week that if you want to enrage a Leftist, suggest that they might have been better off had they been in a position to fight back.The social media backlash against both Rogen and his upcoming film was immediate, and some 12 hours later, even though it is very early in the morning, is still intense.Here is Rogan s vulgar tweet:A search of tweets containing only Seth Rogen s names finds that almost all of them are critical of the comedian s attack on Carson, many accusing Rogen of outright racism. The venomous, dehumanizing attacks black conservatives face from leftists like Rogen have been well-documented going back to Clarence Thomas. Via: Breitbart News",left-news,"Oct 10, 2015",0
"LOL! ACTRESS CHARLIE THERON Tells South Africans AIDS Is “Not transmitted by SEX…“It’s transmitted by sexism, racism, poverty and homophobia” [VIDEO]","Is there really anything more irresponsible than standing before a large group of people on a stage in South Africa and telling them that SEX doesn t transmit AIDS? As long as Theron s a card carrying Hollywood liberal, she gets a pass and anything she says. After all, her reckless remarks were only for the good of the poor blacks in Africa right?The HIV virus can be spread in plenty more ways than just sex, actress Charlize Theron asserted while delivering the opening remarks at the 21st International AIDS Conference in Durban, South Africa on Monday. It  is not just AIDS,  she said.  It is the culture that condones rape and shames victims into silence.  It  is the cycle of poverty and violence that traps girls into teen marriages and forces them to sell their bodies to provide for their families.  It  is the racism that allows the white and the wealthy to exploit the black and the poor and then blame them for their own suffering.  It  is the homophobia that shames and isolates LGBT youth and keeps them from life-saving healthcare and education. HIV is not just transmitted by sex,  Theron added.  It s transmitted by sexism, racism, poverty and homophobia. And if we re going to end AIDS, we have to cure the disease within our own hearts and within our own minds first.  -BreitbartThis certainly isn t the first time the rabid anti-gun actress has made the news (well almost) for making a completely unfounded  and idiotic comment. In May, 2014, Theron compared the media s coverage of her to  rape . When asked by Sky News whether she ever Googled herself, Theron replied,  I don t do that, so that s my saving grace. When you start living in that world, and doing that, you start, I guess, feeling raped. Critics went wild over her twisted analogy. But in the end, she s a Hollywood liberal and much like their good friend in the White House, they re untouchable. The sky is the limit when it comes to the ignorant and irresponsible statements they are able to make without ever being held accountable. ",left-news,"Jul 19, 2016",0
"Emails show ties between new EPA head, energy firms: watchdog","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Emails released by the Oklahoma attorney general’s office show a cozy relationship between energy companies and Scott Pruitt, who was the state’s top prosecutor before being sworn in last week as the new chief U.S. environmental regulator, a media watchdog group said on Wednesday. The Center for Media and Democracy has sought the release of emails between energy companies and Pruitt for the past two years, saying they show energy companies drafted language that Pruitt’s attorney general office then used in suing the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the office he now heads, over regulations on energy operations.   The center had sued Pruitt on Feb. 7, ahead of the Senate vote to confirm his nomination by President Donald Trump, to release the records detailing his communications with energy companies.  The attorney general’s office released more than 7,500 pages of emails late on Tuesday, holding back an unknown number of documents it called exempted or privileged. Oklahoma Judge Aletia Timmons is reviewing those documents, but there is no set time for when or if they would be released. Among the documents released were communications between Devon Energy and Pruitt's office that suggest the company gave the Oklahoma officials language on limits on methane emissions at oil and gas operations. Pruitt's office then used this language in suing the EPA over the regulations, the documents suggest. (bit.ly/2lFEymC)  The EPA did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Devon serves as a resource with information and expertise for decision makers, and its contact with Pruitt was consistent with its policy of engaging with policymakers, company spokesman John Porretto said. Nick Surgey, a research director at the Center for Media and Democracy, called the document release a “major breakthrough” that revealed a close and friendly relationship between Pruitt’s office and the oil and gas industry, with frequent meetings, calls, and dinners. The center said before the release of the emails that Pruitt’s office had violated Oklahoma’s Open Records Act by delaying their issuance. Critics of Pruitt’s nomination to head the EPA were concerned over his record on the environment - he sued the agency more than a dozen times on behalf of his oil-producing state and has doubted the science of climate change - and Democrats in the Senate held an all night debate last week trying to stop his confirmation vote until the emails were released. He was confirmed on Friday with two Democrats from energy-producing states voting for him.  A spokesman at the Oklahoma attorney general’s office would not say how many documents were sent to the judge for review or how it decided which ones to fully release. The office went “above and beyond” what is required under the Open Records Act by producing records that would typically be considered ones outside the law’s scope, the office said in a release. ",politicsNews,"February 22, 2017 ",1
MSNBC REPORTER SHOCKED After Leftists Call For His Firing For Pointing Out Trump’s Genuine Compassion For TX Flood Victims: “Grandpa who the public never sees”,"Here s an excerpt from the Advocate, a Louisiana paper on Barack Obama s disappearing act following the Louisiana floods:Sometimes, presidential visits can get in the way of emergency response, doing more harm than good. But we don t see that as a factor now that flood waters are subsiding, even if at an agonizing pace. It s past time for the president to pay a personal visit, showing his solidarity with suffering Americans.And if the president can interrupt his vacation for a swanky fundraiser for fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton, as he did on Monday, then surely he can make time to show up for a catastrophe that s displaced thousands.Obama playing golf at Martha's Vineyard with Larry David today  Manu Raju (@mkraju) August 18, 2016These pictures of @realDonaldTrump with children at a Houston shelter are fascinating. This is Trump the Grandpa, who public never sees.  Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 2, 2017It wasn t long before members of his own team turned on him. Some of them even called for him to be fired. Haake had to know that whenever a reporter dares to say something positive about our President, they will pay a heavy price with either their peers and/or their readers.Here are some of the vile responses Haake got in response to his tweet:Of course, you can t be a real leftist unless you find a way to compare President Donald Trump to Hitler:You know who *else* was great with grand-kids? pic.twitter.com/zA2VC0Cw2x  James Doyle (@priusjames) September 2, 2017To which we responded:When you only have 201 followers, but suddenly become popular with leftists for posting pictures of Hitler.   100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) September 3, 2017Who exactly, do these leftists think are telling or  forcing  Donald Trump to  act  a certain way? So predictable. He's being forced to act human, and the media eats it up. SAD!  cathy vogt (@pgdayton) September 2, 2017Sorry to be cynical but this is Trump doing what he *had* to do bc the joke of his first visit. Trump is doing what he's being told to do.  Jackie Tallarido (@JackieTallarido) September 2, 2017Haake responded to his critics, by trying to explain why he dared to compliment our President :Literally everything any president does in any disaster area is a photo op. I was only noting how different this one was vs. daily Trump.  Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 3, 2017God forbid the media  normalize  President Trump . If we didn t know better, we d almost believe there was a serious effort to de-normalize President Trump by the Left.Puh-please. Stop this normalizing.  Peter Chan (@peterchanNYC) September 2, 2017This follower is convinced, President trump and the thousands of people who showed up to see him are only people who are part of his base.  Maybe they haven t seen the results of the election, but Houston voters went for Hillary over President Trump. Sorry LOLS@Trumpsters, but those are likely Hillary voters who are happy to see a president who cares enough about them to make 2 trips to Texas since the floods turned their lives upside down.The only people he fools with this photo op are his base. The rest of us know he's doesn't like people or children.  LOLS@Trumpsters   (@SusanSaysHi) September 2, 2017Ani Sangye s response was classic liberal,  Trump would sexually assault those girls when they grow up.  She must ve been living in another country when Bill Clinton was impeached for lying to a grand jury about having sex in the Oval Office with a 19-yr old intern: Trump would sexually assault those girls when they grow up.  Ani Sangye (@SangyeH) September 2, 2017LOL! And then there s the leftist who threatens to  unfollow  anyone who doesn t tow the liberal line:Unfollowing you for the stupidity of this retweet. There's no evidence he was a good father or husband AND he's ONLY there for rescue PR  LarsManwaring (@LManwaring) September 2, 2017What kind of attack on someone with whom a liberal disagrees, would be complete without mentioning FOX News? Ouch!we re all perfectly aware of Trump the Grandpa: Senile & watches way too much Fox News.  Jason Braatz (@jasonbraatz) September 2, 2017It appears that through it all, Haake maintained a good sense of humor, as he ended his commentary with this tweet:This tweet has elicited responses comparing Trump to Hitler, Stalin and Satan, and several calling for me to be fired. Thanks everyone.  Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 2, 2017",politics,"Sep 2, 2017",0
Trump lawyer criticizes Comey's leak to news media,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey said on Thursday that he gave a memo describing his conversations with U.S. President Donald Trump to a “close friend” and told him to share its contents with a reporter, a revelation that sparked sharp criticism from Trump’s lawyer. In testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee, Comey said he wanted to get his account of his conversations with Trump into the public sphere in the hope it would prompt the appointment of a special counsel, as later occurred, to oversee the investigation into Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election. The conversations included one in which Comey said he believed Trump had pressured him in February to drop a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn as part of the broader Russia investigation. Comey said he had asked “a close friend” who was a Columbia Law School professor to get his story out after Trump fired him as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on May 9. Daniel Richman, a professor of criminal law at Columbia, confirmed to Reuters he was the person referred to in Comey’s testimony. Richman, who is listed as an adviser to Comey in his official biography on the school’s website, did not respond to further requests for comments. During his time in office, Trump has raged against the press and its use of anonymous sources.  Following Comey’s testimony, Trump’s personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz sharply criticized Comey for leaking what he called “privileged communications” between the president and the then-FBI director. He tried to link Comey with others in the government who he said had selectively and illegally leaked classified information to undermine the administration and suggested that Comey might have broken the law. It would be up to the appropriate authorities to determine whether the leak should be investigated, Kasowitz said. Comey could not be reached for immediate comment.  Some legal experts said Comey’s actions did not run afoul of the law. Faiza Patel, co-director of public policy group Brennan Center for Justice, noted that Comey testified that he was careful to avoid putting classified information in memos memorializing his conversations with Trump. Other experts said Kasowitz’s claim that Comey leaked “privileged” information was off the mark, citing the fact that Trump previously had disclosed details about his interactions with Comey. To leak his memo, Comey chose someone who has publicly defended him in the past, including his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. A 1984 graduate of Yale Law School, Richman clerked for the U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. He served as chief appellate attorney in the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan from 1987 to 1992, when Comey was also a prosecutor in that office. Richman went on to join the faculty of Fordham University School of Law and moved to Columbia in 2007. He has also served as a consultant to the U.S. Justice and Treasury departments on criminal matters and on advisory committees to former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New York state Governor Eliot Spitzer. After Comey’s testimony, a surge of Web searches for Richman appeared to overwhelm the Columbia Law School’s website. “Columbia Law’s site is down at the moment. We are working on a solution. Stay tuned,” the school said in a posting on Twitter. ",politicsNews,"June 9, 2017 ",1
YOUNG GIRL KICKED OUT Of Women’s March For Wearing Trump Hat [VIDEO], ,politics,"Jan 24, 2017",0
 Trump Gets HILARIOUSLY Mocked For Looking Over His Wife’s Shoulder While She Voted,"Donald Trump showed up to vote in New York City with his wife Melania and hilarity ensued.When the Trump s walked through the doors they were greeted by a round of boos and jeers. Clearly, New York voters are not Trump fans.But Trump s day got even worse when he tried to sneak a peek at Melania s ballot, apparently just making sure she votes for him.Well, a photo of the moment was captured and now the Internet is having a field day mocking the Republican nominee.This picture is everything. pic.twitter.com/m9Blodj90f  Amanda Marcotte (@AmandaMarcotte) November 8, 2016 Donald Trump leads by example, closely poll watching as a suspected illegal immigrant attempts to vote.  pic.twitter.com/dykNWdsUXx  Dan Baulch (@DaRealDanBaulch) November 8, 2016trump panicked and had to copy melania s ballot. now both are voting for hillary pic.twitter.com/fiFO5tSrMh  daddy s lil psycho (@tannermuro) November 8, 2016Melania, it s  Trump   .. no,  Trump   .. what re you .you re marking the wrong box. Melania. MELANIA pic.twitter.com/GD99GYRYNQ  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) November 8, 2016Trump wondering who Melania is voting for: https://t.co/O5hh8yqHl5  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) November 8, 2016s/o to this golden moment where Trump let us all know that he doubted his own wife would vote for him. pic.twitter.com/rDdUtlxvsu  JamesMichael Nichols (@jamesmichael) November 8, 2016Trump reusing the strategy that got him through an Ivy League school. pic.twitter.com/0Gf8of9PFy  cam (@goethelife) November 8, 2016Holy Shit! Is there nothing Trump won t allow a woman to do on her own? #ControlFreak @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton #usa #nyc #shame #yyc pic.twitter.com/W7kpWfKOzF  Unite Alberta (@UniteAlbertans) November 8, 2016Either Trump doesn t trust her, or he s trying to work out how to vote pic.twitter.com/CimZAQl82a  Rupert Myers (@RupertMyers) November 8, 2016Trust, but verify (via @AmandaMarcotte) pic.twitter.com/pzTvipeW1p  Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) November 8, 2016In fact, Donald isn t the only male Trump who watched their spouse vote.Like father, like son pic.twitter.com/dqnoEZF4xf  Nathan McDermott (@natemcdermott) November 8, 2016So not only did Trump get booed at his polling location, he feared that his own wife would vote against him. Talk about being a paranoid control freak. And it would be completely understandable if she didn t vote for her husband, especially considering he has treated women like shit his whole life.Featured image via screenshot",News,"November 8, 2016",0
CONGRESS JUST VOTED TO GIVE IRS $260 MILLION…New Audit Shows $46 Million In Erroneous Refunds Given In 2013,"The IRS is the epitome of an incompetent government agency The Internal Revenue Service issued more than $46 million in erroneous tax refunds due to a computer glitch and ineffective monitoring, issues that left uncorrected could cost taxpayers up to $230 million over the next five years.The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) released an audit Monday faulting the IRS for approving thousands of potentially fraudulent tax refunds in 2013. TIGTA identified that because of a programming error, over $27 million of refunds were erroneously issued for 13,043 Tax Year 2013 tax returns,  the audit said.  The programming error is overriding the IRS s two-week processing delay on some refund tax returns that are identified by the IRS as potentially fraudulent. The audit said the returns were flagged for claiming a  questionable tax credit  but were then automatically issued before the IRS could complete its verification process.In addition, the audit identified 3,910  potentially fraudulent  tax returns that were issued due to ineffective monitoring, totaling $19 million. The IRS did not ensure that tax examiners timely completed their verification work,  the audit said.  Name mismatches in IRS systems prevented refund holds from posting to tax accounts. Refund holds were either not set correctly or not functioning as intended. Rep. Diane Black (R., Tenn.) called for IRS Commissioner John Koskinen to step down for what she called the latest misstep by the agency. We didn t need another reminder that the IRS is mired in incompetence and mismanagement, but we got it anyway,  she said in a statement.  This latest study comes on the heels of stinging reports that IRS employees failed to pay their own tax bill and granted illegal contracts to tax cheats. It is abundantly clear that Commissioner John Koskinen has failed in his duty to restore trust at the IRS and must be replaced, but Congress is not guiltless either. Just last week, my colleagues voted over my objections to give this bureaucracy another $290 million in the bloated omnibus bill,  Black continued.  Only in Washington is this kind of ineptitude rewarded with a bigger check. Taxpayers have every right to be outraged by the dysfunction at the IRS I know I am. The audit predicted that the programming error could lead the IRS to issue $135.5 million in erroneous refunds over the next five years. Ineffective monitoring could also cost taxpayers more than $95 million in erroneous refunds because  tax returns are not being verified as required. In all, the mistakes could cost $230.4 million over the next five years. Via: WFB",Government News,"Dec 22, 2015",0
RECKLESS: CLINTON PRESIDENCY Could Mean U.S. Muslim Population Would Exceed Germany’s 4.8 Million [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of America. Is this really the kind of leader America needs after 8 miserable, lawless years of Barack Obama? Under two terms of a President Hillary Clinton, the U.S. Muslim population would exceed Germany s current Muslim population, according to data from Pew Research Center and the Department of Homeland Security.According to a Pew report published earlier this week,  as of 2010, there were 4.8 million Muslims in Germany. In September, 2015, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that the United States should accept 65,000 refugees from Syria to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis created by the war there. We re facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II and I think the United States has to do more,  the former secretary of state said Sunday on CBS   Face the Nation.   I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in.  Via: CBS NewsHere s Trump on the out-of-control refugee crisis and common sense ideas on how he thinks America should deal with it:A Pew report from January of this year estimated that there are roughly 3.3 million Muslims living in the United States. This means that today the U.S. already has a larger Muslim population than does Kuwait, or Brunei, or Bahrain, or Djibouti, or Qatar. Under current policy, Pew projects the number of Muslims in America will outnumber Jews by 2040. However, under a President Hillary Clinton it s possible that date could come much sooner.Under two terms of a Hillary Clinton presidency, the U.S. would have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.Based on the most recent DHS data available, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014.Yet, as Donald Trump explained during Thursday night acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, Clinton  has called for a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country under President Obama. Specifically, Clinton had said that, as president, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.As Trump explained, Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle roughly 1.5 million Muslim migrants during her first two terms.These projections suggest that after seven years of a Hillary Clinton Presidency, the U.S. could have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.These projections are rough estimates, and the population size could be impacted by additional various factors  including births, deaths, and conversions. Via: Breitbart News",left-news,"Jul 25, 2016",0
LIBERAL SMACK DOWN OF THE DAY: Watch What Happens When A Racist MSNBC Host Tries To Shame Latino Trump Supporter For Using “Illegal” Alien Term [VIDEO],"The Left is not able to get away with shaming conservatives as easily as they were in the past. Outspoken conservative GOP Presidential candidates like Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and Carly Fiorina started fighting back against the liberal media at the outset of the presidential election season, opening the door for conservatives like Steve Cortes to fight back when appropriate and boy, was this the appropriate time!MSNBC s Joy Reid, filling in for Chris Hayes, goes head-to-head with Steve Cortes, a Latino Trump supporter of Donald Trump, for using the term  illegals  to describe illegal immigrants.Reid was also incredulous that Cortes would use that term, being that he is a Hispanic. Cortes told Reid his parents came to the U.S. legally. She wasn t impressed and lectured Cortes that she is also the daughter of immigrants. When it comes to the bedrock principles, I don t disagree with him at all,  Cortes defended Trump on Thursday s broadcast of MSNBC s All In with Chris Hayes.  Those are twofold. Number one, we have to secure our border. Number two, there can be no citizenship for illegals. You cannot reward criminality. Reid stopped him right there. Hold on a second,  the MSNBCer said. I m going to stop you right there. You are Hispanic, Steve. Are you comfortable with that term, illegals? That is a pejorative to a lot of people. Why do you use that term?  Reid asked, not believing a Latino would use such a term. You know why, because words matter,  Cortes said. Yeah, they do,  Reid shot back. If you do something that is against the law, it s illegal,  Cortes reminded Reid.  If you go into a store and you shoplift, you re not an undocumented holder of a good, you re a thief. If you come to the United States against the immigration laws of the United States, you re not undocumented, You re illegal. You said that you didn t agree with all the things he said last night. point out two or three of the things that you did not like?  Reid asked. Joy, listen, I would have a softer tone on illegals,  Cortes suggested.This time the interview came to a screeching halt. Can you do me a favor? Just while you re talking to me, can you not use that terminology?  a very offended Reid asked. No, I will not do you that favor,  Cortes responded. Oh, interesting,  a stunned Reid said. Because the English language matters,  Cortes told Reid.  They re here illegally. We can t get over that. My father came here legally.    Real Clear Politics",politics,"Sep 2, 2016",0
SHE SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN ALLOWED To Step Foot On American Soil: How Female Terrorist Used Fake Info To Get US Visa,"CAN WE JUST STOP ALLOWING Muslim Refugees and visitors into U.S. from countries who hate us already? How about we focus on the 1% of Pakistani s who are Christian that face daily persecution at the hands of Muslims?UPDATE: Tashfeen Malik posted a pledge of allegiance to ISIS before her deadly attack. She used a fake address on her passport.Via ABC:For the visa application, the address she listed in her Pakistani hometown, ABC News discovered today, does not exist. Malik received a her Green Card this summer, U.S. officials said.Tashfeen Malik, the female terrorist involved in the San Bernardino attack should have never been granted an American visa if the Immigration and Nationality Act holds any weight.Malik, who was found to have a Pakistani passport, obtained the K-1 visa in Islamabad, Pakistan. However, American visa laws that are meant to detect potential terror threats trying to infiltrate the country should have blocked the female jihadist from obtaining that visa.As the Center for Immigration Services notes, Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act states that  individuals who appear likely to overstay their temporary visas and try to settle permanently in the United States are not to be issued one. The regulation is meant to detect individuals seeking a visa who do not have permanent families in their home country and whether or not they have enough money to travel back to their home country once their visa is expired.This screening process is meant to expose individuals trying to to get into the country for the purpose of resettling permanently and overstaying their visa, as so many do.Nonetheless, Malik was able to obtain a visa in Islamabad despite the screening process which should have detected the fact that she was a young woman resettling in the US to potentially raise a family with her radical jihadist husband Syed Farook.Malik passed her DHS screening:Under Section 214(b), Malik should have been denied a visa, as there was ample evidence that she would overstay her visa.But, Malik could have obtained her visa the same way the 9/11 hijackers obtained theirs: through the  Visa Express  program.As reported by The Hayride, the Visa Express program allowed 9/11 hijackers Abdulaziz Alomari, Salem al Hamzi, and Khalid al Midhar to obtain their visas in Saudi Arabia without even being interviewed by consular officials at the American consulate.The terrorists simply obtained their visas by sending officials their applications and supporting documents through a designated travel agency.This allowed the three terrorists to go undetected despite red-flags that they were single, young men with not enough funds to return back to their home countries once their visas expired.Likewise, if Malik gained her visa through the  Visa Express  program at the American consulate in Islamabad, it would explain how she was allowed to enter the country despite overwhelming suspicions that she would overstay her visa.The Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) admits that there are so many visas given out each year around the world that it is impossible to conduct background checks on every single person.And, we all saw what happened yesterday in San Bernardino.Via: Gateway Pundit",politics,"Dec 4, 2015",0
MAXINE WATERS Uses Fake Term “Kremlin Klan”…Struggles to Name “Klan” Members [Video],Maxine Waters made an appearance on CNBC trying to push the term  Kremlin Klan  to push the Russia scam.She tried to name the offenders in the group but drew a blank after naming a few people. It s always interesting to hear her talking points and hear what the Democrats are lying about every day. Notice that the anchors repeat the term at the end do you think they might want this term to stick? Clever  Waters is on the Financial Services Committee that s scary! ,politics,"May 24, 2017",0
Supreme Court reins in president's appointment powers,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday put new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president’s authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board.     The court decided 6-2 to uphold a lower court’s ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. In an opinion by Chief Justice John Roberts, the court said that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. SW General Inc, a Scottsdale, Arizona-based private ambulance company and a subsidiary of Envision Healthcare Holdings Inc (EVHC.N),  had challenged the makeup of the NLRB as it sought to invalidate a board ruling that said it violated federal labor law by discontinuing bonus payments for longtime employees. The NLRB had argued that the law’s restriction applied only to politically appointed “first assistants” who are first in line for acting positions when the heads of agencies leave office, and not to other officials. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented, saying the court ignored the fact that since the law governing vacancies was adopted in 1998, more than 100 people have served in acting roles while the U.S. Senate considered their nominations for permanent jobs.      The case focused on Obama’s appointment of Lafe Solomon as the NLRB’s acting general counsel to fill a vacancy in the job. The position requires Senate confirmation.     Obama nominated Solomon to fill the position permanently but also named him to fill in for former general counsel Ronald Meisburg, who resigned in 2010, in the interim while awaiting Senate action. Obama eventually withdrew Solomon’s nomination after it stalled for more than two years. The Senate ultimately confirmed Richard Griffin to the post in 2013.     SW General argued that Solomon should not have continued to fill the position on a temporary basis pending Senate confirmation, and the Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed. The case is National Labor Relations Board v. SW General Inc, U.S. Supreme Court No. 15–1251.  ",politicsNews,"March 21, 2017 ",1
WHOA! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTERS Scream At Anti-Trump Thugs: “GO BACK TO MEXICO!” [VIDEO],"A first hand look at the lie the media continue to perpetuate that all Hispanics are against Trump. WOW! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTERS Scream at Anti-Trump Mob:  Go Back to Mexico!  #RollingThunderhttps://t.co/50evxarkt2    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) May 29, 2016",left-news,"May 29, 2016",0
"Fincantieri, Naval Group may exchange stakes in future military alliance","MILAN (Reuters) - Italy s Fincantieri and France s Naval Group may exchange between 5 and 10 percent of their share capital to cement a future naval alliance between Rome and Paris, a document published on the website of Italy s Treasury showed. France and Italy said on Wednesday they would study a possible tie-up between the two shipbuilders. They also agreed that Fincantieri would take effective control of French shipyard STX, ending a months-long dispute.  The opportunity and modalities of an exchange between the two companies of 5 percent to 10 percent of their respective share capital will be analyzed, and concrete actions aiming at developing synergies will be defined and presented to both governments,  the document detailing the agreement said.  This roadmap should include the creation of a balanced joint-venture in which common projects would progressively be developed, with a priority given to surface vessels  platforms, systems and equipment,  it said.  ",worldnews,"September 28, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: Fox News Host Dana Perino Is DONE Defending Republicans,"Fox News host Dana Perino is finally so sick and tired of Republicans supporting Donald Trump despite all of the sexual assault allegations that she will no longer defend them.During Friday s edition of The Five, host and former George W. Bush press secretary Dana Perino slammed Donald Trump for  talking about all of his accusers  and insulting them instead of focusing on attacking Hillary Clinton.Perino is also furious that Republicans are still defending Trump s predatory behavior. The Republicans that are defending this are really irritating me,  she said.  I ve been like Mount Vesuvius all day. Perino then specifically named Ben Carson and Jeff Sessions as just two of the many Republicans who remain on board the Trump train despite the Republican nominee s comments about groping women and the various allegations made against him by multiple women and the many past statements he has made that are now coming back to haunt him.And after Juan Williams joked that someone is going to call for cutting her mic, Perino took a serious tone, looked straight into the camera and while slicing the air with her hand told Republicans that she is  done  defending them. Yeah, because women should be seen and not heard, apparently. After 20 years of defending these guys, done. Here s the video via YouTube.Perino is not the only Republican woman who has stopped defending Republicans due to their refusal to unendorse Trump.Wisconsin GOP activist Marybeth Glenn quit the party entirely in a series of posts on Twitter blasting Republicans for being cowards and legitimizing charges that conservatives are sexists after she defended them for years. He (Trump) treats women like dogs, and you go against everything I   and other female conservatives   said you were & back down like cowards,  she wrote.  I m sooo done. If you can t stand up for women & unendorse this piece of human garbage, you deserve every charge of sexism thrown at you. Now Perino just became the first Republican woman on Fox News to say she is done defending the GOP.In their refusal to withdraw their support from Trump, the Republican Party is destroying themselves by offending women across the country and now it is costing them allies in states and in the media. This is something that may take generations for the party to recover from. Of course, that s assuming they actually learn anything from the mess they made this year.Featured image via screenshot",News,"October 15, 2016",0
Over 840 people injured in Catalonia during referendum: Catalonia regional government,"MADRID (Reuters) - Some 844 people have been injured in disturbances across Catalonia on Sunday, the regional government said, as riot police clashed with people who had gathered for a banned referendum on the region s independence from Spain. ",worldnews,"October 1, 2017 ",1
CAFE OWNER REACTS IN AWESOME WAY After Town Told Her To Remove “God Bless America” Banner From Front Of Restaurant,"Bravo! This woman is example of true courage. More Americans need to take a stand against anyone who attempts to silence their First Amendment right Whenever folks in Penfield, New York get a hankering for pancakes for lunch   they head over to the 5 Mile Caf .The family-owned restaurant is known in those parts for serving breakfast any time of the day (order their homemade corned beef hash).They are also known for their patriotism. We are very patriotic here at the caf    all year round  not just this time of year,  owner Jennifer Aquino told me.  We have American flags and patriotic things around the caf . So Jennifer decided to ask the town for a permit so she could post a  God Bless America  banner on the front of her restaurant. She wanted to display the banner from Memorial Day through Independence Day.There was just one significant problem.Penfield has a strict banner allotment policy. Businesses are only allowed to post banners for a total of three weeks out of the year. And Jennifer had used up her allotment. At one point we had banners all over the town and the town just looked trashy and our residents said enough s enough,  town supervisor Tony LaFountain told WHEC.Jennifer s request was denied.Instead of posting the banner outside the restaurant, she posted it inside. And that was that   until the Orlando terrorist attack. I decided on my way to work that I was going to put it up regardless of the town telling me I couldn t,  she said.  So I put it up. A bit later that day she received an email from the town telling her to remove the banner. They warned her that she could face a possible fine for violating the ordinance. I didn t take it down,  Jennifer told me.  And I was willing to pay the fine. The [message on the banner] means a lot to me   especially during this time in our country with all that s going on with terrorism,  she said.  I just can t believe that I can t have this banner up and be supported by the town board. The fact that I m being asked to take it down is wrong,  she said.  It s against my First Amendment rights. People need to open up their eyes. If we start letting them tell us we can t do this   it s going to get worse. Jennifer tells me she never imagined there would be a day like this in America. I have lots of veterans in my family,  she said.  I have a cousin who fought in Desert Storm so that we could have the freedom to hang a banner that says,  God bless America. And yet we live in a nation where you can be punished for simply being patriotic.Via: FOX News ",left-news,"Jul 2, 2016",0
China foreign minister says wants to manage disputes with U.S.,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China wants dialogue with the new U.S. administration to manage disputes and promote bilateral relations, but only on the basis of respecting each other’s core interests, like the “one China” principle, China’s foreign minister said. U.S. President Donald Trump, who was inaugurated on Friday, upset Beijing before taking office by casting doubt on the “one China” principle, under which Washington acknowledges Beijing’s position of sovereignty over self-ruled Taiwan. China views Taiwan as a wayward province, to be brought under its control by force if necessary. However, proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being ruled by Beijing. Speaking at a reception for the upcoming Chinese Lunar New Year, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the future direction of Sino-U.S. ties had “attracted attention”. “We are willing, on the basis of strictly abiding by the ‘one China’ principle and respect of each other’s core interests, to have dialogue with the new U.S. government,” Wang said, in comments posted on the ministry’s website late Tuesday. China is willing to “increase mutual trust, focus cooperation, manage and control disputes and promote the healthy development of China-U.S. relations, to bring even greater benefits to both peoples”, he added. Separately, state news agency Xinhua quoted Chinese ambassador to Washington, Cui Tiankai as saying that while the Trump administration has yet to formulate a China policy, the general trend of China-U.S. cooperation cannot be reversed as it is “the only right choice” for both. In any trade war, both countries would suffer, he added. “Currently, the world economy needs a strong engine to lead to stronger development and faster growth, it’s inescapable responsibility for China and the United States to do this, rather than heading toward a trade war,” Cui said. With Trump’s decision to quit the Transpacific Trade Partnership (TPP), Cui said China cannot take over the U.S. role as the global leader who makes trade rules. “I think this is a misleading notion, because international trade rules cannot be made by the United States or China alone, and rather, they should be made and implemented by all nations in the world,” Cui said. ",politicsNews,"January 25, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: Sexist Breitbart Editor Gets His A** Handed To Him By ABC Reporter,"Breibart editor Milo Yiannopoulos is the obnoxious little twerp who got banned from Twitter for inciting his fans to viciously attack comedian Leslie Jones in an effort to humiliate her.Now karma has finally turned the tables on Yiannopoulos.During an interview with ABC s Terry Moran that will air on Nightline this Friday, Yiannopoulos was the one who got humiliated this time as Moran took this asshole who has the maturity of a 12-year-old boy to school.Yiannopoulos began by calling himself a  virtuous troll  who is  doing God s work. If Leslie Jones were right here, would you say,  You look like a dude ?  Moran asked. Yeah, probably,  Yiannopoulos replied. You would say that to her?  a disgusted Moran said.Once again, Yiannopoulos has zero remorse for his ugly attack and said he would do it again, which led to Moran smacking the Breitbart bully down. Then you re an idiot,  Moran told him.Yiannopoulos argued that he is not responsible for what his fans do even though it was his sexism and hate that made Jones a target for harassment in the first place. Does Justin Bieber have an obligation to his fans? I m sorry for being popular. But I am not responsible for what 350,000 people on the Internet say. I m responsible for what I say. Yeah, and what you said incited your fans to attack as if they were your own personal army of Internet trolls. If Justin Beiber launched a Twitter tirade against Selena Gomez that resulted in his fans attacking her, he would be responsible for it. Just like Yiannopoulos is responsible for the attack on Jones.Words have consequences and Yiannopoulos is finding that out the hard way.Moran responded by putting Yiannopoulis in his place with an epic smackdown that is incredibly enjoyable to watch. You re going to go after somebody s body to denigrate their ideas? What grade are you in? Are you a 13-year-old boy? Because somebody doesn t have a weight that you think is proper? That s revolting. And Yiannopoulos responded by being a misogynist asshole. I ll tell you what s revolting. What s revolting is the body positivity movement. What s revolting is this idea now that you can tell women that they ll be healthy at any size. Here s the video via YouTube:Trolls like Yiannopoulos should be banned from using the Internet entirely. He should not have a platform to bully others and spread his hate. And of course, he s a supporter of Donald Trump, which makes him even more of a prick. But you can bet that sexist trolls like Yiannopoulos will become even more emboldened if the Republican nominee should win in November, which makes it even more important that he lose by a humiliating landslide.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"September 3, 2016",0
Thousands of Tunisians protest against Trump's Jerusalem decision,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Thousands of Tunisians protested in several cities on Thursday against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. Embassy there, residents said. Labor unions and other groups have called for even bigger protests in the capital Tunis and other cities in the North African country after Friday prayers. Thursday s demonstrations went peacefully with several hundreds alone gathering in central Tunis, holding up Palestinian flags and banners, residents said. Protesters burned a U.S. flag and others stepped on images of Israeli flags.  Tunisia s President Beji Caid Essebsi sent a letter to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemning the U.S. decision, saying it undermined Palestinian rights, officials said. ",worldnews,"December 7, 2017 ",1
Factbox: U.S.-Pakistan ties falter as Afghanistan war drags on,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Ties between the United States and Pakistan have veered between extremes over the past four decades. Here are some of the key moments in their turbulent relationship:  1980s: United States pumps weapons, money and foreign fighters into Afghanistan, with the help of Pakistan s Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) spy agency, to support mujahideen fighters defeat Soviet Union troops in Afghanistan. 1990: The United States imposes sanctions on Pakistan over Islamabad s covert nuclear program. With the Soviet Union routed in Afghanistan and the Cold War ending, Pakistan had lost its importance as a regional ally. 1998: The United States imposes sanctions on Pakistan and India over their nuclear tests. 1999: Washington imposes more sanctions on Pakistan after army chief Pervez Musharraf topples a democratically elected government in a military coup. 2001: After the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington, the United States asks Musharraf to help track down al Qaeda and remove the Taliban from power. Pakistan turns on its former Taliban allies and arrests al Qaeda leaders.  * Washington removes all sanctions against Pakistan in the wake of Pakistan s support for its war against al Qaeda and other Islamist militant groups in Afghanistan. 2004: George W. Bush s administration designates Pakistan a  major non-NATO ally , boosting Islamabad s diplomatic prestige and giving Pakistan greater access to U.S. military technology. 2011: CIA contractor Raymond Davis kills two Pakistanis in the eastern city of Lahore in January 2011. Davis was acquitted of murder and allowed to leave Pakistan after a $2.3 million payment was made to the men s families. * U.S. troops kill Osama bin Laden on Pakistani soil in May 2011. The raid, kept secret from Pakistani authorities, was a humiliation for Pakistan s powerful military and again raised questions about whether it was harboring militants. * NATO helicopters and fighter jets attack Pakistani military outposts by accident, killing 24 soldiers. Pakistani retaliated by blocking a NATO supply route through its territory to Afghanistan for more than seven months. 2016: U.S. Congress blocks the sale of F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan. Military aid to Pakistan reduced. 2017: U.S. President Donald Trump outlines a new South Asia policy. Trump accuses Pakistan of harboring  agents of chaos  and providing safe havens to militant groups waging an insurgency against the U.S.-backed government in Kabul. ",worldnews,"October 23, 2017 ",1
WOW! TRUMP UNDERESTIMATED ILLEGAL VOTE: New Study Shows Up to 5.7 Million NON-CITIZENS Voted ILLEGALLY In 2008 Obama Election [VIDEO],"President Trump was lambasted by Democrats and their allies in the media when he suggested that up to 3 million illegal aliens likely voted in the 2016 elections.FAKE fact checker SNOPES was quick to discredit his claim without any evidence. They even went as far as to say that cases of voter fraud were extremely rare:FAKE fact checker Politifact gave President Trump s claim of voter fraud a  pants on fire  rating:Fox and Friends host Ainsley Earhardt delivered the disturbing news to viewers this morning that an independent group has claimed up to 5.7 million illegal aliens voted in the 2008 election that gave us President Barack Hussein Obama:As many as 5.7 million illegal immigrants might have voted in the 2008 election, report finds pic.twitter.com/aPfq8MYuSA  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 20, 2017A research group in New Jersey has taken a fresh look at postelection polling data and concluded that the number of noncitizens voting illegally in U.S. elections is likely far greater than previous estimates.Watch:Just Facts  conclusions confront both sides in the illegal voting debate: those who say it happens a lot and those who say the problem nonexistent.In one camp, there are groundbreaking studies by professors at Old Dominion University in Virginia who attempted to compile scientifically derived illegal voting numbers using the Harvard data, called the Cooperative Congressional Election Study.On the other side are the professors who conducted the study and contended that  zero  noncitizens of about 18 million adults in the U.S. voted. The liberal mainstream media adopted this position and proclaimed the Old Dominion work was  debunked. The ODU professors, who stand by their work in the face of attacks from the left, concluded that in 2008 as few as 38,000 and as many as 2.8 million noncitizens voted.Mr. Agresti s analysis of the same polling data settled on much higher numbers. He estimated that as many as 7.9 million noncitizens were illegally registered that year and 594,000 to 5.7 million voted.These numbers are more in line with the unverified estimates given by President Trump, who said the number of ballots cast by noncitizens was the reason he lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton.Last month, the president signed an executive order setting up a commission to try to find on-the-ground truth in illegal voting. Headed by Vice President Mike Pence, the panel also will look at outdated voter lists across the nation with names of dead people and multiple registrants.For 2012, Just Facts said, 3.2 million to 5.6 million noncitizens were registered to vote and 1.2 million to 3.6 million of them voted.Mr. Agresti lays out his reasoning in a series of complicated calculations, which he compares to U.S. Census Bureau figures for noncitizen residents. Polls show noncitizens vote overwhelmingly Democratic.For entire story: Washington Times",politics,"Jun 20, 2017",0
Trump tax plan hits bump in Senate as Rand Paul weighs 'no' vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans scrambled on Tuesday to ensure support for a budget resolution vital to President Donald Trump’s drive to overhaul the U.S. tax code, as one Republican fiscal hawk announced he might vote against the measure.  As the Senate opened debate on a fiscal year 2018 budget, Senator Rand Paul objected to spending levels that he said would exceed agreed caps by $43 billion, and called for spending reforms for so-called entitlement programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid health insurance programs. “I will not vote for the budget unless it keeps within the spending caps,” the Republican senator told reporters. In a conversation with Trump earlier on Tuesday, Paul said he told the Republican president: “I’m all in. I want to be supportive. I’m a ‘yes’ vote. But we have to obey our own rules.” Senate Republican aides denied that the budget resolution exceeds federal spending caps set by the Budget Control Act of 2011. Paul said the excess spending was for overseas military operations, which aides said are not subject to caps.    The budget resolution already had a narrow path to passage in the Senate, where Democrats oppose the measures and Republicans have only a 52-48 majority. A “no” vote from Paul appeared to put the budget a single vote from failure, threatening to upend Trump’s drive for tax reform.  Another fiscal hawk, Senator Ted Cruz, has refused to disclose whether he would support the measure.   However, the Republican odds of passing a budget resolution improved unexpectedly when Senator Thad Cochran returned to the Senate despite an illness and said in a statement that he looked forward to “taking part in the debate on the budget and tax cuts.” A day earlier, Cochran’s office had said he would not be available this week. With Cochran in the Senate, Republicans can pass the measure even if they lose two votes.  The budget resolution is essential to Trump’s tax reform strategy because it would unlock a legislative tool known as reconciliation, which would allow Senate Republicans to pass a tax bill with a simple majority. Without it, a partisan tax bill would need 60 votes in the 100-member Senate and would almost certainly fail. The Republican effort had gained momentum on Monday when two other potential Senate Republican “no” votes - Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski - indicated they were leaning toward “yes.” Senator John McCain also said he would support the budget resolution.  After failing to overturn Obamacare earlier this year, Republicans fear they will face a backlash from constituents in next year’s congressional midterm elections if they are unable to pass legislation to cut taxes for businesses and individuals. Trump and top Republicans have proposed a plan to deliver up to $6 trillion in tax cuts over the next 10 years as part of a reform package that they say will boost economic growth and provide more jobs and higher wages.  Democrats, who criticize the Republican plan as a giveaway to the wealthy, will likely propose numerous amendments to the budget plan to prevent tax cuts for the rich and require legislation that would not expand the federal deficit.   “We’re talking about a major political party now working night and day on behalf of the top 0.1 percent,” Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who caucuses with Democrats, told Reuters on Tuesday. Both the Senate and the House of Representatives must agree on a budget resolution. The House has already approved a different version, so House and Senate Republicans would need to hammer out a unified version and pass it before reconciliation could take effect. ",politicsNews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
TRUMP-BACKED GOLFER MAKES IT TO THE MASTERS: “Why are you folding shirts and giving lessons?," I m so proud of him. Isn t that a great story? And to think   it shows the impact that you can have on people s lives.   So, Jim, we re proud of you, Jim. Who would of thought that was going to happen? It s called talent.    Donald Trump on Jim Herman This is such a great story no matter which candidate you support for president. Trump discovered a golfer who was an assistant pro and now sponsors him on the tour. It started with a question from Donald Trump:  Why are you folding shirts and giving lessons? Golfer Jim Herman won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, securing an invitation to the Masters tournament, Cincinnati.com reported:He earned one of the most coveted invitations in all of golf by holding on for a one-stroke victory at the Shell Houston Open. And Donald Trump gets some of the credit.The 38-year-old Cincinnati native has been backed financially by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and says the front-runner encouraged him to get on the pro golf circuit.Herman met Trump while working as an assistant pro at Trump National in New Jersey, where the businessman gave him some advice.Trump asked,  Why are you folding shirts and giving lessons? Why aren t you on the Tour? I ve played with Tour players, you re good enough,  according to the Golf Channel. I don t know, maybe something like that gives you more confidence,  Herman said.Now, he wears the Trump logo on his shirt and his bag.Trump tweeted about the victory on Sunday evening.Read more: The Hill",politics,"Apr 4, 2016",0
WHOA! WATCH Former Teen Hollywood Actor: “I Can Tell You The #1 Problem In Hollywood Was and IS and ALWAYS Will Be Pedophilia”,"Are we finally watching the end times for Hollywood celebrities, who have been worshipped like golden idols by Americans who believe them to be flawless and infallible human beings? Is the morally superior facade of Hollywood actors like Meryl Streep and Gwenyth Paltrow, who admonish and berate Americans that would dare to support President Trump, while sucking up to serial sexual abuser Harvey Weinstein? What about actress Ashley Judd who America watched while she wore her p*ssy hat, go off on an insane rant at the Women s March in DC, over Donald Trump s remarks about a woman, to another man, during a private conversation, while she hid the ACTUAL sexual assault that was allegedly committed against her by mega-Democrat donor Harvey Weinstein. Judd claims she was asked to meet Weinstein for a breakfast meeting at the Peninsula Beverly Hills Hotel some 20 years ago. She said the meeting turned into him inviting her up to his hotel room and claimed he asked to give her a massage and watch him shower. A disgusting audio of Weinstein begging an Italian model to watch him shower in his hotel room was just released today. You can find the story and the audio HERE.Gwenyth Paltrow claims that she was also sexually abused by Harvey Weinstein when she was 22 years old. So that was 23 years ago, why the silence until now? How many countless women could have been saved by Paltrow or Judd if they came out and pressed charges against Weinstein decades ago? Neither one of them has any trouble publicly bashing Trump. But, oh yeah, bashing Trump is a resume enhancer in Hollywood, while ignoring a Hollywood producer who s a sick pervert, is perfectly acceptable, as long as he s the one who signs your enormous paychecks.Gwyneth Paltrow claims that she was sexually harassed by Harvey Weinstein when she was just 22: https://t.co/ZtZlJFXZ6z pic.twitter.com/oqRm7WSO9q  E! Online UK (@EOnlineUK) October 10, 2017Is your skin crawling yet? Wait until you watch the video below and read about the horrific experiences these former child actors had with full-grown men in Hollywood.Cernovich  The recent exposure of serial sexual predator and Hollywood Democrat kingpin Harvey Weinstein raises, even more, questions than it answers.In a now famous photo, Weinstein can be seen grabbing young actress Emma Watson in a compromising position.While the public controversy currently centers around Weinstein s sexual abuse of power over young women, the question remains   how young were Weinstein s victims?Former child actor Corey Feldman has publicly stated that  I was molested and passed around,  while discussing how in Hollywood adult males in the industry would pass young stars  back and forth to each other.  Feldman revealed that his co-star Corey Haim was raped at 11-years-old.Actor Elijah Wood confirmed Feldman s claims in May 2016, describing Hollywood as a den of  vipers  in an interview, and saying  If you can imagine it, it s probably happened. Wood said he was protected from abuse by his mother, who didn t let him go to Hollywood parties, but he said other young child actors were regularly  preyed upon  by those in power.Wood also compared Hollywood s sexual predators with known pedophile and English TV personality Jimmy Savile. You all grew up with Savile,  Wood said.  Jesus, it must have been devastating. Clearly something major was going on in Hollywood. It was all organized. X-Men director Bryan Singer is among those publicly accused of sexual abuse of young boys in Hollywood.Was Weinstein one of the men Elijah Wood says is sexually  preying upon  young children in Hollywood? Is Weinstein one of the men Feldman says would pass young stars around?The questions must be asked when an apparent industry of pedophilia and sexual abuse has been in the open and yet kept secret for decades.Watch this disgusting interview with former child actor Corey Feldman regarding pedophilia in Hollywood: I can tell you the #1 problem in #Hollywood WAS and IS and ALWAYS will be pedophelia. @RedNationRising  #MAGA pic.twitter.com/ARb0W7QYnC  DONNA WARREN   (@DonnaWR8) October 9, 2017",politics,"Oct 10, 2017",0
 106-Year-Old Woman’s Dance With The Obamas Is The Most Adorable Thing EVER (VIDEO),"You might just die of cute when you see the video the White House just posted. 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin had always dreamed of going to the White House. Her dream was just fulfilled, and she got to dance with President Obama and the First Lady. They laugh, they joke, and she is just so excited. The Obamas compliment her beautiful manicure, and she expresses just the most ecstatic happiness. She says she is there to celebrate Black History Month. The White House just posted the video with the caption:What s the secret to still dancing at 106? Watch 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin fulfill her dream of visiting the White House and meeting President Obama. #BlackHistoryMonthAnd here is the embed of the post:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;What s the secret to still dancing at 106? Watch 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin fulfill her dream of visiting the White House and meeting President Obama. #BlackHistoryMonthPosted by The White House on Sunday, February 21, 2016This is just another reason in a VERY long line to love our current First Family, and why we will miss them so much.Congratulations on fulfilling a lifelong dream, Mrs. McLaurin.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"February 21, 2016",0
OOPS! Notable Black Harvard Economist Finds BLACKS Are LESS LIKELY To Be Shot By Cops Than Other Races: “The most surprising result of my career”,"Bad timing This is not great news for the Black Lives Matter terrorists, who were just getting warmed up. Not that the media or various Community Agitator groups will care about the truth Research conducted by a notable African-American economist at Harvard University has revealed a lack of racial bias in police shootings.The research was conducted by Roland G. Fryer, who is the youngest black professor to have received tenure status at Harvard. As Fryer expected, his research revealed that police are more likely to use force towards an African-American suspect. However, in what Fryer called  the most surprising result of my career,  his research also revealed that African-American suspects are less likely to be shot in an altercation with law enforcement than suspects of other racial backgrounds.According to the statistics used in Fryer s study, officers are more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspect is white.In officer-involved shootings in these cities, officers were more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspects were white. Black and white civilians involved in police shootings were equally likely to have been carrying a weapon. Both of these results undercut the idea that the police wield lethal force with racial bias.Fryer s research analyzed more than a thousand shootings in ten major police departments. Houston, Austin, Dallas and Los Angeles, as well as Orlando and Jacksonville, were among the cities included in the study.When the law enforcement data from Houston was isolated specifically, Fryer was able to conclude that law enforcement officers were significantly less likely to shoot black suspects.In tense situations, officers in Houston were about 20 percent less likely to shoot a suspect if the suspect was black. This estimate was not very precise, and firmer conclusions would require more data. But, in a variety of models that controlled for different factors and used different definitions of tense situations, Mr. Fryer found that blacks were either less likely to be shot or there was no difference between blacks and whites.The conclusions drawn by this research contradict much of the narrative that is playing out in the media about police brutality. Most major media outlets have been sympathetic to the cause of Black Lives Matter, an activist movement that exists specifically to combat racially motivated aggression towards African-Americans by law enforcement officers.   Breitbart ",left-news,"Jul 14, 2016",0
Trump extols corporate profits while seeking corporate tax cut,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump sent a Twitter message bragging about corporate America’s high profits under his presidency on Tuesday, prompting critics to say he was undercutting Republican arguments in favor of a tax cut for corporations. As Republicans in Washington try to refocus on taxes after the collapse of their failed drive to repeal Obamacare, Trump sent a morning tweet that said: “Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now.” Corporate lobbyists and Republicans consistently argue that a cut in the corporate income tax is needed to help corporations be more competitive. But highlighting corporate profits could diminish that argument. “This is a weird way to launch their proposal to cut corporate taxes,” Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said in a tweet of his own responding to Trump. The largest U.S. public companies have seen profits accelerate in 2017, with quarterly earnings rising at a double-digit pace compared with a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data. Full-year earnings are expected to be up 11.5 percent, which would be the strongest growth since 2011. More than six months into his presidency, Trump still sends out tweets that catch aides and allies off guard and sometimes clash with Republicans’ messaging on their policy agenda. The Trump tweet “takes the edge of urgency off the plea to reduce the burden on corporations,” said William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution think tank. Trump later took credit for surging U.S. stock prices that pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average to a new record high on Tuesday. But the broader market saw a bigger rally under former President Barack Obama. The benchmark S&P 500 Index has gained 9.4 percent since Trump took office on Jan. 20, lagging a 16.2 percent S&P gain during Obama’s first months in office. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that Congress would take up tax reform after the U.S. Labor Day holiday on Sept. 4, beginning in the House of Representatives. A White House timeline envisions a House vote on tax legislation in October and Senate vote in November.  But there is little consensus on the issue. The White House insists on cutting the corporate rate to 15 percent, while House Republicans favor 20 percent. A top Senate Republican this week said lawmakers would be lucky to get it down to 25 percent.   On Tuesday, Senate Democrats offered to work with Republicans on a bipartisan tax package, but only if it does not cut taxes for the wealthy, add to the federal deficit or allow Republicans to enact legislation on their own. But McConnell rejected the offer from 45 lawmakers led by Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer. “Most of the principles that would get the country growing again, they’re not interested in addressing,” the Kentucky Republican told reporters.  McConnell said he hoped Republican legislation might win support from three Senate Democrats who face reelection next year in Republican states and did not join the offer from other Democrats. ",politicsNews,"August 1, 2017 ",1
" Despite Whining, Trump’s Kids Actually Can Vote For Him In NY Primary (If They Weren’t Lazy)","Donald Trump s kids may support him in spirit (and terrible tweets), but they won t be going out to vote for him in the New York primary. Ivanka and Eric Trump both failed to register as Republicans in time to do so. According to Trump, this is because New York s primary registration rules were unfair. After all, the cutoff was in October, and at that point people   including, apparently, his own kids   still sort of expected Trump to have dropped out by now.On CNN, Ivanka claimed New York s voting regulations are  onerous. New York has one of the most onerous rules in terms of registration, and it required us to register a long time ago, almost   close to a year ago. And we didn t do that. We found out about it sort of after the fact. to which the millions of disenfranchised Democratic voters who have watched  Voter ID  laws sweep the country responded by playing the world s smallest violin.Trump himself told his supporters that Ivanka and Eric feel very, very guilty.  Adding:  They feel very guilty. But it s fine. I understand that. Except here s the thing: The Trump kids could probably vote for their dad if they really wanted to. It would just require a little work.In a highly informative piece on Gothamist, writer Nathan Tempey explained how someone who missed the primary registration deadline could still vote in the election. It s certainly not ideal, but it s not exactly rocket science, either.One is to try to get a court order stating you should be allowed to vote in a certain party s primary. As difficult as this sounds, the city Board of Elections actually stations judges at offices in each of the boroughs on Primary Day to do exactly this. For reasons unknown, this information doesn t appear on the board s website, but a spokeswoman provided a list of locations and hours judges will be at them Something tells me explaining to a judge  My dad s on the ballot  will be a good enough reason to get your vote counted. However, it s highly unlikely Trump s kids will reduce themselves to standing in a busy borough office waiting to have a judge hear their case, fill out the appropriate paperwork, then travel to a voting site. Why do that when they can simply complain about it on Fox News?Featured image via Grant Lamos IV/Getty Images",News,"April 18, 2016",0
Kremlin says Paris climate deal unworkable without U.S.: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Paris climate deal is unworkable without the participation of the United States, the RIA news agency cited Kremlin aide Andrei Belousov as saying on Friday. On Monday, President Donald Trump said the United States would be withdrawing from the 2015 landmark deal which is designed to fight climate change. Trump said the Paris accord would undermine the U.S. economy, cost U.S. jobs, weaken American national sovereignty and put the country at a permanent disadvantage to the other countries of the world. Russia has signed but not yet ratified the Paris accord. RIA cited Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich as saying earlier on Friday that Russia would not alter its decision to join the agreement despite the U.S. withdrawal. ",politicsNews,"June 2, 2017 ",1
 Oklahoma Republicans Pass Bill Completely Outlawing Abortion,"If signed, the law would make Oklahoma the only state in the nation where abortion is totally illegal.It s unconstitutional and directly challenges the Supreme Court s 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, but Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma passed the outrageous bill anyway.On Thursday, the Oklahoma Senate passed legislation making it a criminal act for a doctor to perform an abortion by a vote of 33-12, which basically outlaws the procedure statewide.GOP state Senator Nathan Dahm, who sponsored the bill, believes it is the state s responsibility to force women to carry every pregnancy to term. Since I believe life begins at conception, it should be protected, and I believe it s a core function of state government to defend that life from the beginning of conception,  he said.Governor Mary Fallin, an anti-abortion conservative, is almost certainly going to sign the bill into law, especially when you consider the fact that Oklahoma Republicans have passed several anti-abortion measures over the last few years.This latest and gravest attack on abortion rights makes it impossible for doctors to provide a legitimate medical procedure that many women need because the doctor who performs the abortion faces arrest and prison.According to the Chicago Tribune:Sen. Ervin Yen, an Oklahoma City Republican and the only physician in the Senate, described the measure as  insane  and voted against it.So even the only lawmaker in the Senate who actually has a medical degree thinks this legislation is absolutely crazy.It doesn t get any more clear how dangerous this bill is than that.Criminalizing abortion forces women to seek unsafe back-alley abortions as they become more desperate to end a pregnancy. And since doctors probably won t risk being imprisoned, it means clinics will shut down, thus depriving women of the option of a safe abortion. In short, Oklahoma Republicans want the state to go back to a time when women died in droves due to unsafe abortions.The Center for Reproductive Rights condemned the bill as a  new low  by Oklahoma Republicans and it is expected that a legal challenge will be immediately filed should it be signed into law.Featured image via Pixabay",News,"May 19, 2016",0
"Exclusive: Cameroonian troops entered Nigeria without seeking authorization, sources in Nigeria say","ABUJA/DAKAR (Reuters) - Cameroonian troops this month crossed into Nigeria in pursuit of rebels without seeking authorization from Nigeria, causing a falling-out between the governments behind the scenes, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. At least one incursion was confirmed by a Nigerian government official, two Nigerian military officers and two foreign diplomats, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity. Nigerian security forces were deployed to the border to stop any further crossings, said a military source. The Cameroonian and Nigerian governments said in separate statements there were no incursions. Relations between the two countries are good, Cameroon said. Cameroonian military officials and pro-government media accuse Nigeria of sheltering Anglophone insurgents. For the past year they have been based in the dense equatorial forests that straddle the border between the two countries, fighting for an independent state they call Ambazonia. At least 7,000 people have fled as refugees from Anglophone Cameroon to Nigeria following a crackdown ordered this year by President Paul Biya to quell the insurgency, which represents the gravest challenge yet to his 35-year rule. French is the official language for most of Cameroon but two regions speak English and these border Nigeria, which is also Anglophone.  Cameroonian troops were in Nigeria,  said a foreign diplomat.  Zero warning, zero authorization.  The troops crossed into Nigeria at least twice this month, the diplomat and a Nigerian military official told Reuters. The incidents have caused anger on both sides and could sour diplomatic relations further as Cameroon increases pressure on its Anglophone regions, according to the diplomat and a Nigerian government official.  Tensions are high and could escalate,  the government official said. Cameroon government spokesman Issa Tchiroma Bakary denied that troops had crossed the border illegally.  Relations between the two countries are cohesive when it comes to fighting against terrorism. Cameroon and Nigeria are on the same wavelength.   Nigeria s foreign minister, speaking to Reuters after a cabinet meeting in Abuja, also denied the incursions.  The (Nigerian) government had investigated and discovered that it s not true,  said Geoffrey Onyeama, Nigeria s foreign minister. But the Nigerian government official and a diplomat said Cameroon had threatened to suspend senior Nigerian embassy officials in Yaounde after they lodged complaints. Tchiroma and Onyeama denied this. Governments in Africa often play down diplomatic disputes and present a show of harmony even during bitter rows. On Monday, rebels killed four gendarmes, Cameroon s government said, the latest raid on police and military positions in the country s southwest region. Nigeria has for decades been West Africa s powerhouse but  the militaries of the two countries have cooperated extensively to confront a threat posed by Islamist militant group Boko Haram. The group has staged attacks in Nigeria for years but more recently it has also conducted deadly assaults in Cameroon. Cameroon has repeatedly pressed Nigeria to allow it the right of hot pursuit for Boko Haram militants and the issue has left the countries at loggerheads. After Cameroon s military crossed the border this month in pursuit of separatist insurgents, Nigeria sent security forces to deter any future attempts, said one of the military sources.  We were not for war but keeping the peace and protecting our territorial integrity. They were asked to leave and they did and everything has been brought under control,  the source said.  Many refugees have crossed into Nigeria and many more are still crossing and the Cameroon authorities appear to be concerned that the situation may escalate if they keep coming into Nigeria.  Two Cameroonian military officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters separatists had set up bases and launched attacks from Nigeria. One attack was on Dec. 14 and involved two groups of at least 100 separatists, one of the officials said.  How do you explain that these guys come to attack us and then leave without being troubled across the border? When we drive them back, these separatists withdraw toward Nigeria,  the official said. Julius Ayuk Tabe, the Nigeria-based chairman of the Ambazonian Governing Council, the political wing of the armed resistance, said he was not aware of any separatist military bases in Nigeria. Cameroon s linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the German colony of Kamerun was carved up between allied French and British victors. The English-speaking regions joined the French-speaking Republic of Cameroon the year after its independence in 1960. French speakers have dominated the country s politics since. ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
Son Of Egyptian Immigrants Hopes To Become FIRST MUSLIM GOVERNOR In U.S…Will Push For “Sanctuary State”,"Dr. Abdul El-Sayed, a liberal Democrat would like to become the nation s first Muslim Governor in a state that s home to the city of Dearborn, with the highest Muslim population outside of the Middle East. The state of Michigan also made news last year when Hamtramck, a city that for decades was known for it s strong Polish immigrant community, elected its first all-Muslim City Council. It s probably not that far-fetched that the son of Egyptian immigrants living in a state where tens of thousands of Muslim refugees and immigrants come to live would want to see the state of MI become a  Sanctuary State . My faith is really important to me, as it is for many Americans and Michiganders,  El-Sayed said.  But I think we should be asking ourselves rather than how one prays, or what they pray to, we should ask ourselves what [one] prays for and what one hopes for. While El-Sayed said his Islamic values are at the center of his work as a civil servant, he wants people to know his number one priority is to serve the people of Michigan.But some residents in the state may not be ready to see a Muslim governor. In the last several years, Michigan has been a hotbed of Islamophobia. Dearborn, a predominantly Arab-American city in the Detroit metro area, has been a frequent target of anti-Muslim activists, conspiracy theories and fake news. But El-Sayed doesn t want Michigan residents to be distracted by anti-Muslim rhetoric and violence   and he wants people to know that the principles of Islam are what guide his service. I am running because of the values my Islam teaches me   which includes beliefs in equity, the fundamental rights of all people, a belief that we will judge ourselves as a people based on how we treat the most vulnerable,  El-Sayed said.  A belief in being good to others fundamentally, a belief in respect and dignity to one s neighbors and one s friends and one s family. -Business InsiderDemocratic gubernatorial candidate Abdul El-Sayed is starting to propose a progressive platform that includes making Michigan a  sanctuary state,  providing universal preschool and offering publicly funded health insurance to any resident needing coverage.The ex-director of Detroit s health department unveiled parts of his platform Monday.I love it when the rule of law works #sanctuarycities https://t.co/3X4kJBu4WZ  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 26, 2017El-Sayed claims that a Sanctuary State will make Michiganders safer. As a Michigander, I can assure you that making our state a  Sanctuary State  will not only make it less safe, but it will cause many people to move away to states who have laws against law-breakers.(3/3) if elected #gov my job is protecting #Michiganders, that's what #SanctuaryState will do. Learn more: https://t.co/r56mhirYRB  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 24, 2017The  sanctuary  term has no legal definition and varies in application, but it generally refers to local jurisdictions that do not cooperate with U.S. immigration officials.   US NewsEl-Sayed also made his feelings known on Twitter about a MI lawmaker, Rep. Michele Hoitenga, R-Manton,MI who wants to make Sharia Law illegal in that state of Michigan. El-Sayed attempts to make the comparison of the 10 commandments and the Holy Bible to Sharia Law. What El-Sayed seems to be willfully ignoring, is the fact that the United States is a Judeo-Christian nation.Nice try I oppose banning the #TenCommandments and #Bible   both came from the #MiddleEast. #religiousfreedom https://t.co/j7unpQSkiM  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 20, 2017",politics,"May 8, 2017",0
VIRAL VIDEO: German Youth Deliver Powerful Anti-Refugee Message To Political Leaders: “We are ready for the Reconquista!”,"Reconquista, English Reconquest, in medieval Spain and Portugal, a series of campaigns by Christian states to recapture territory from the Muslims (Moors), who had occupied most of the Iberian Peninsula in the early 8th century.They may be young, but they re taking a clear and decisive stand against a government who clearly has no concern for their faith, their heritage, the rich history of their nation, an unbiased education or the future of the citizens of Germany.This is a powerful message and needs to be share with everyone:Translated from YouTube:A youth is forming to recapture their identity! #ZukunftEuropaA generation, a fate one last chance!This is not just a motto, but daily incentive of a movement that sees itself as a living covenant and as a community of fate! We are a movement of young people who resists the left liberal indoctrination!We can no longer remain silent! We see how the values and cultural decline progresses, as our home and our traditions are increasingly destroyed and how the freedom of political correctness gives way.We are united by fate to be the last generation that can turn things around again! What unites us is the self-knowledge to be the phalanx, which it needs to take action against the self-destructive, prevailing multicultural ideology that drives the mass immigration and Islamization, and thus the ultimate disappearance of thousands of years old family of nations and cultural tradition called Europe.We stand together in our quest to protect our homeland, the restoration of freedom and sovereignty of our country and fight for the preservation of our ethno cultural identity!But with idealism alone this fight is not to lead! Courage, dedication and sacrifice will not suffice to stand up as a young person against the predominant players in the debt pride and multicultural madness for a livable Germany. We need your support! ",left-news,"Jan 24, 2016",0
"Trump, at NATO, vows unwavering fight against terrorism","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told fellow NATO leaders on Thursday that the United States would never stop fighting terrorism, calling the Manchester attacks “savage” and “barbaric”. While he also accused low-spending members of the alliance of owing “massive amounts of money” to NATO, Trump said he and allies would drive out militants and urged all nations to do the same. “We will never waiver in our determination to defeat terrorism and achieve lasting security, prosperity and peace,” Trump said after unveiling a memorial to the Sept.11, 2001 attacks on New York and Washington at the NATO headquarters. “Terrorism must be stopped or ... the horror you saw in Manchester and so many other places will continue forever,” Trump said, referring to Monday’s suicide bomb in the northern English city that killed 22 people, including children. ",politicsNews,"May 25, 2017 ",1
 Richard Spencer’s Fascist Goon Squad Couldn’t Keep Florida From Laughing His Nazi Ass Off The Stage,"Oooh, big scary Richard Spencer! The milky-white wannabe hipster douchebag must have had a giant erection since Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency on Tuesday in advance of his appearance at the University of Florida in Gainesville.As everyone knows, the primary aim of the  alt-right    the modern-day Nazis responsible for the murder of Heather Heyer in Virginia in August   is to eliminate people of color in America, and then prove they don t actually have the tiny dicks they re surely packing. So every time someone seems scared of them, it s another boost to their ego.Fortunately, most people are in on the joke at this point, and state and local leaders have become more accustomed to the violence that neo-Nazi rallies bring with them. Even businesses have gotten in on trolling Richard Spencer and his pathetic band of white supremacist losers.Case in point: Alligator Brewing, a craft beer maker located in Tall Paul s Brewhouse in Gainesville had an amazing idea the other day   to allow anyone holding two tickets to Spencer s event at UF to come trade them in for a free beer: Ticket become available this Saturday, October 14th and each person can get two with a valid ID. This is our town. This is our home. Let s do this Gainesville.A post shared by Alligator Brewing (@alligatorbrewing) on Oct 12, 2017 at 3:56pm PDTThat didn t take long to go viral, of course, and Spencer s lackeys soon heard about it. They changed the ticketing process so that people couldn t get them in advance. They became available only in person at the event, according to the Miami Herald. A white supremacist sycophant of Spencer s, Cameron Padgett, told the paper that it was in an effort to  avoid the sabotage that was planned by people. Padgett himself then suddenly appeared at Tall Paul s, pretending to try and trade some tickets for beer. After he was told by Alligator Brewing that they couldn t verify the authenticity of his tickets (since the fascists changed their ticketing scheme), he became very belligerent and began filming from inside the bar: Please stay safe #lesshatemorebeerA post shared by Alligator Brewing (@alligatorbrewing) on Oct 18, 2017 at 3:34pm PDTNone of it was enough to keep the actual event from being a hilarious shitshow for Richard Spencer and his cast of racist clowns.It cost Spencer $10k to rent this hall.The tickets were free.At least 90% of the seats were empty or filled w/protestors.#SpencerAtUF https://t.co/uXc1gIcyul  Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) October 19, 2017These Pepe-loving asshats were literally laughed out of the room as protester after protester shut down their racist rhetoric. The event started with a friendly chant by the crowd:THIS is how you punch a Nazi without actually, you know punching a Nazi.""FUCK YOU, SPENCER!"" #SpencerAtUF??????pic.twitter.com/NHXYLfg6j3  Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) October 19, 2017And only got worse from there. The final humiliation for Richard Spencer and his gang of goons was one protester s perfect question:Amol just got the mic & asked Richard Spencer  given how ugly all of you on stage are do you truly believe whites are the supreme race?  LOL  FUCK NAZIS (@mariam0128) October 19, 2017Spencer s response was something along the lines of  European standards of beauty something something.  The crowd roared. When all was said and done, the would-be fuhrer admonished the crowd: You think that you shut me down. Well, you didn t. You failed at your own game the world is going to have a very different impression of the University of Florida. The world is not gonna be proud of you. You couldn t be more wrong, Spence. We love you, Florida Gators. You did us very proud.Oh, I guess you can watch this whole thing here, if you really want to:Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",News,"October 19, 2017",0
"Trump hosts lunch with Republican senators, Obamacare repeal on menu","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday urged Senate Republicans to pass a “generous” replacement program for Obamacare, as the Senate struggled to produce an alternative to the healthcare law. Capitol Hill sources who asked not to be named said Trump described the version of the legislation that passed the House last month as “mean.” That House bill was widely criticized for letting states seek waivers from insurance protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Trump discussed the healthcare bill at a White House lunch he hosted for Republican senators in a bid to help the lawmakers find common ground to move forward with healthcare reform legislation this summer. The White House declined to comment on private conversations between Trump and lawmakers. During the portion of the lunch open to reporters, Trump told the lawmakers their healthcare bill would need to be “generous” and “kind.” “That may be adding additional money into it,” he said, without offering details on how much money might be needed or how it might be used. Trump stepped up pressure for the repeal with a tweet Tuesday morning declaring that the Affordable Care Act, nicknamed Obamacare, “is in a death spiral.” He cited the government’s announcement Monday that some 2 million people who signed up for Obamacare have dropped out this year.  Although Trump’s Republican Party has a majority in both houses of Congress, Trump blamed “obstructionist” Democrats for the lack of progress in repealing President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. Senator John Thune, the No. 3 Republican in the Senate, who attended the lunch meeting, said Trump was open to suggestions that some federal cost-sharing payments to health insurers under Obamacare continue in the near term but that the president did not make any definite pronouncements on that issue. Those payments help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans. Trump has said he might consider withholding them but insurers say that would wreak havoc in the markets. Thune also said Trump did not give any deadlines to the senators on passing the bill. “I hope that we can stay on schedule to have floor action before the Fourth of July break,” Thune said.       The House of Representatives narrowly approved its version of repeal last month but Senate Republicans have been unable to coalesce around their own version of a bill, with moderates and conservatives pushing in different directions in meetings behind closed doors. The senators Trump invited to lunch included Republicans from both ideological camps. Moderates Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski were on the list as well as conservatives Ted Cruz and Mike Lee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said senators are closer to bringing up a proposal and other Republicans have predicted for some time that a bill would be ready for a vote before the August recess. Senate aides said the Senate bill was not expected to touch insurance protections that are included in Obamacare for people with pre-existing medical conditions, after the controversy over the House bill that would let states seek waivers from those protections. In states with such waivers, people with pre-existing conditions could still get coverage but they would not be shielded against potentially higher costs. Another senator at the lunch, Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, said after the meeting that there still was a lot of work to do before legislation can be unveiled.  “The total bill hasn’t been resolved,” he said. ",politicsNews,"June 13, 2017 ",1
 Dan Rather Takes Kellyanne Conway To The Woodshed; Advises The Media On How To Handle Lies,"After Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway had the gall to defend blatant Trump administration lies as  alternative facts,  Dan Rather, one of the few real journalists left in our country, took to Facebook and called for action. These are not normal times,  Rather said.  These are extraordinary times. And extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures. Conway wasn t the only person who suffered Rather s wrath, but he called her phrase  Orwellian,  which it was. Rather also talked about Sean Spicer, who, as he said, threatened, bullied and lied to reporters before walking out of the briefing room without even answering a question. He also called out the administration for its lies.Rather remarked that we ve never seen this before, but he has some suggestions for the media. The first of which is to not be afraid to call a lie a lie. Even more than from the press, though, Rather wants to see that kind of bravery come from Congress.There is one group of people who can do a lot   very quickly. And that is Republicans in Congress. Without their support, Donald Trump s presidency will falter. So here is what I think everyone in the press must do. If you are interviewing a Paul Ryan, a Mitch McConnell, or any other GOP elected official, the first question must be  what will you do to combat the lying from the White House?  If they dodge and weave, keep with the follow ups. And if they refuse to give a satisfactory answer, end the interview.Facts and the truth are not partisan. They are the bedrock of our democracy. And you are either with them, with us, with our Constitution, our history, and the future of our nation, or you are against it. Everyone must answer that question.It s true. If the media does its job, the truth will win out and  alternative fact  will be called simply,  lies. Featured image via Kirk Irwin/Getty Images",News,"January 22, 2017",0
Good Riddance: James Clapper Resigns as Director of US Intelligence,"21st Century Wire says Like CIA Director John Brennan, a large part of the job of James Clapper, National Intelligence Director,  was to lie to the American people and to continually exaggerate certain threats,  while trying to conceal real problems   most of which are created by US federal agencies. Like the CIA, this post has become a political one, and a government propaganda mouth piece for the deep state and all its domestic clandestine designs.When asked in 2013 by Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR),  Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans?    Clapper s reponse was,  No sir. This was a flat out lie, under oath (which seemed to be the norm for all testimonies under 8 years of Obama).Chief among James Clapper s propaganda campaigns directed at the American people   was the greatest politically motivated phony talking point to date: that Russia and its president Vladimir Putin were somehow  hacking  US Elections, while offering no evidence whatsoever to back up this alleged claim by the  intelligence community,  that irresponsible talking point was spun far  out of control and probably set back US-Russian relations years. Clapper claimed that leaked emails posted on WikiLeaks, DCLeaks.com and Guccifer 2.0, were  identified as being associated with Russian intelligence    even though most of the sober world has come to realize this grand conspiracy theory more than likely originated within the White House and the DNC itself.  In a just world, this howler would be a black mark against the credibility of Clapper for the rest of his paid speaking and lucrative conference junket career, but alas, it s not a just world   Clapper will continue to cash in regardless. Maybe that was the intention.There are a number of other things that Clapper said, and did, during his tenure, too many to mention here. More from Adam Garrie  Adam Garrie The DuranIn a first major resignation since Donald Trump s electoral victory, the US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper quit his post.US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has just announced his resignation. This was the man who presided over the US government spying on its citizens and those throughout the world. This scandal was one whose existence Clapper denied, in spite of plain and clear evidence to the contrary.Edward Snowed had exposed numerous constitutional violations during Clapper s reign. This man s exit from the Bush-created position of Director of National Intelligence should be welcomed by everyone who opposes the surveillance state.It has been under Clapper that the government has been cut free of any checks and balances on its use of technology to violate the privacy of ordinary individuals, yet individuals of extraordinary conscience who blow the whistle on the illegal covert activities of government are prosecuted, victimized, and threatened with execution. I m referring specifically to Bradley Manning, Julian Assange and Edward Snowden.Clapper said that he is happy to resign. I personally share in this happiness as will many others. The timing of his resignation, which will be effective in 64 days, is a clear indication that he does not see eye to eye with his incoming boss, Donald Trump.If Clapper is replaced by someone guided by conscience rather than someone who uses George Orwell s 1984 as a handbook rather than a warning, it could well pave the way for the pardon of Manning, Assange and Snowden.One can only hope that Donald Trump does the right thing.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"November 19, 2016",0
Comey signs book deal after abrupt end to FBI career,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by U.S. President Donald Trump, has signed a deal for a book on leadership and decision-making that will come out in spring 2018, the publisher said on Wednesday. The book deal with Macmillan’s Flatiron Books comes three months after Comey’s firing raised questions about whether Trump tried to interfere with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into Russia’s alleged meddling with the U.S. presidential election.  Russia denies any interference, and Trump has denied collusion with Russia and interfering with the investigation. The book, which has not yet been given a title, will discuss “what good, ethical leadership looks like and how it drives sound decisions,” Bob Miller, president of Macmillan’s Flatiron Books, said in a statement on Wednesday. Flatiron won the rights to the book after an auction and did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  In addition to reflections on Comey’s interactions with Trump this year, the book will feature anecdotes from his role in leading an investigation into the use of a private email server by Democrat Hillary Clinton during her 2016 presidential campaign.  Comey’s announcement that the FBI was reopening the Clinton email investigation days before the November election led to accusations by some Democrats that he was unfairly influencing the outcome. The FBI eventually closed the probe without taking any action. ",politicsNews,"August 2, 2017 ",1
Islamic State calls slain Muslim American soldier an 'apostate',"DUBAI (Reuters) - Islamic State on Sunday condemned as an “apostate” a U.S. Muslim soldier killed in Iraq whose story has re-ignited debate in the 2016 presidential election on the role of Muslims in American life. Dabiq, the militant group’s online magazine, showed a picture of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan’s tombstone in Arlington National Cemetery with a caption, “Beware of Dying as an apostate.” An accompanying article, penned by an unnamed “American convert in the Islamic State,” urged Muslims to resist Western influences and to either migrate to Islamic State-controlled lands or carry out lone attacks. “Reject these calls to disunity and come together. Live the life of Islam, for which you have already left the path of falsehood,” the militant wrote. “You are behind enemy lines, able to strike them where it hurts them most,” the article added. Khan’s death in a bomb attack in Iraq in 2004 re-emerged as an election issue when his father gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday in which he paid homage to his son. Khizr Khan, a U.S. citizen of Pakistani origin and a Muslim,  also criticized Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and asked if the candidate had read the U.S. Constitution. Trump rejected the criticism and questioned whether the soldier’s mother was allowed to speak during the couple’s appearance at the podium. Ghazala Khan later said the outspoken billionaire was ignorant of Islam and of sacrifice.  Trump has stoked outrage during his unorthodox campaign by supporting racial profiling for Muslim Americans in the wake of a deadly shooting by a U.S.-born Muslim man killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando in June. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, has said the comments and other pointed remarks about American minorities show Trump is unfit to be president. ",politicsNews,"July 31, 2016 ",1
Cameroon army helicopters shot separatist protesters: witnesses,"DAKAR/BAMENDA, Cameroon (Reuters) - Troops and attack helicopters opened fire on protesters at the height of separatist rallies in English-speaking areas of Cameroon over the weekend, killing and wounding people, witnesses and rights groups said. The army dismissed the reports from sources in five towns as  completely false  and said helicopters had only been used for surveillance. Any use of air attacks would mark a major escalation in a government crackdown on separatist protests that have been rumbling in Anglophone districts of the central African oil producer for almost a year. Thousands took to the streets in towns across the Northwest and Southwest regions on Sunday, Oct. 1, calling for independence from the country s French-speaking majority.  Rights groups said they started to collect reports on ensuing violence in the areas bordering Nigeria as the week progressed. Eight people in the towns of Bamenda, Buea, Ndu, Tombel and Kumbo told Reuters that police and soldiers moved in to stop the protests and in some areas, low-flying attack helicopters fired tear gas and live rounds on the crowds. Etienne Ndage, a 31-year-old journalist for Savannah Frontier Radio in the northwest tea-plantation town of Ndu said he saw helicopters firing at around 1 pm local time, killing two protesters as a 1,000-strong march gained momentum.   They were firing like in a war film,  he told Reuters. Hilary Manjong, private secretary to a local Member of Parliament in Ndu, said witnesses had shared similar accounts with him.  Army spokesman Didier Badjeck dismissed the accounts.  Reports that the helicopters fired on protestors is completely false. The helicopters were only conducting surveillance,  he said. The government earlier this week said about 10 people had died on Sunday including five in a prison fire that may not have been linked to the protests. The governor of Southwest region, Bernard Okalia Bilai, told the Cameroon Tribune newspaper in an article published on Tuesday that protesters had ambushed soldiers in Kumba, forcing them to open fire in self defense. Amnesty International told Reuters on Thursday that more than 20 people were killed between Oct. 1 and 2.   Demonstrations began nearly a year ago when Anglophone lawyers and teachers protested against having to work in French, saying it showed the wider marginalization of the English-speaking minority.  The protests gained support and have increasingly called for Cameroon s five million English speakers to get their own country. The rallies have also have become a lightning rod for opposition to President Paul Biya s 35-year rule. Campaigners called more protests on Sunday, the anniversary of Anglophone Cameroon s independence from Britain. In the southwest town of Tombel, a resident who spoke on condition of anonymity told Reuters that a military helicopter came so low over the town center that the wind gusts threw a man off his motorbike.  First the helicopter fired teargas to disperse the crowd, then it opened fire, the resident said.  Normally they fire rubber bullets, but I could tell from the sound that these were real,  they added.  Outside Buea, police on the ground and a helicopter opened fire on protestors who had run into the bush to bypass a military checkpoint, said Louis Anuchem, a 35-year-old taxi driver from Buea.   The helicopter came close to the ground,  he added.  We heard the gunshots and the bullets coming through the trees,  he told Reuters. After the demonstrations police went door-to-door in some towns, rounding up young men and women, residents said.  Soldiers came to our neighborhood and broke into homes and carried boys away,  said Lanya Joel, a 21-year-old Kumba resident.  I am scared and will be away until it s all over.  Rights group the Southern Cameroon s Public Affairs Committee said in a report that a 12 year-old girl was shot by security forces from a helicopter in the town of Kumbo. The Bamenda Provincial Episcopal Conference of Anglophone Christian Bishops said in a statement this week that is was disturbed by reports that  some of our Christians were ... arrested, some maimed, and some were simply shot to death, some from helicopters.  Helene Mekem said her son was shot dead by security forces outside his home in Kumba on Sunday, even though he was not involved in the protests.  They are killing the innocent ones,  she told Reuters. ",worldnews,"October 6, 2017 ",1
 LEAKED AUDIO: MSNBC Worked With Trump During Town Hall To Ensure He Didn’t Get Tough Questions,"For those of us who watched the shameful MSNBC  prime time  Trump town hall event with the growing sense that the network s moderators, Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinksi, were feeding Trump the easiest softball questions, the smoking gun may have just been found. And in the most improbable of places.On an episode of Harry Sheerer s podcast, the long-time Simpsons cast member obtained and then played a tape purported (and later confirmed) to be taken on MSNBC s set during Trump s prime time special. The tape makes it abundantly clear that the network was working hand-in-hand with the Republican front-runner to keep him happy and at ease during what was supposed to be a combative  town hall  Q&A.Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinkski, already long-time personal friends with Trump, have been fending off accusations that they are in the bag for the candidate for weeks. This tape is exactly the opposite of what they needed.As The Wrap noted, the discussions, taken during commercial breaks, center around ensuring Trump is okay with certain questions. Brzezinski can be heard asking Trump if he wants her to skip over a tricky deportation question entirely: Do you not want me to do, the um, the ones with, um, deportation? We really do have to go to some questions,  Scarborough responds before Trump chimes in with,  Nothing too hard, Mika. Brzezinski can be heard saying,  OK,  directly after Trump s remark. The Town Hall never featured a question about deportation. Shearer says the audio came from his  found objects department  and jokes you can cut the adversarial tension there with a knife. A butter knife, but still. At one point, Brzezinski tells Trump she thought he didn t have a great debate performance. Yay! But then Scarborough butts in by assuring Trump  We were wrong.  Wait what? The mood remains friendly throughout. So much for tough questions for Trump, a man who continually accuses the press of being unfair to him.Scarborough, in particular, has been a unabashed Trump superfan for months. By his own account, he s helped Trump prepare for debates and has often gone to bat for the business mogul against whichever group Trump happened to offend that day. After Trump s massive win in New Hampshire, Scarborough and Brzezinksi reportedly celebrated with Trump in his hotel room. The next morning, he was a featured guest on their show.Listen to the leaked audio below via Harry Shearer s Le Show podcast and decide for yourself. (Leaked audio begins around the 21 minute mark.)Featured image via MSNBC",News,"February 22, 2016",0
 Trump Didn’t Have The Backbone To Fire James Comey Himself; Here’s The Former Bodyguard He Chose To Do It For Him,"President Donald Trump may be known for his catchphrase of  You re fired!  on the reality-TV series The Apprentice, but they don t seem to be the type of words he likes to utter in every day life. That s one of several reasons why Trump left it to his former bodyguard, Keith Schiller, to deliver the news to newly-ousted FBI Directer James Comey. So who is Keith Schiller?Schiller, one of the president s most trusted aides, has taken a step up in the world since Trump s election victory, earning himself the title of Director of Oval Office Operations after almost two decades of watching Trump s back. According to Corey Lewandowski, Trump s former campaign manager,  The president has exceptional confidence in Keith. If he asks him to do something, he knows it will get done. Schiller first encountered the Trump clan when he was working as a New York City police detective and spotted Marla Maples, Trump s second wife, in the Manhattan prosecutor s office back in 1999; Schiller was there for a meeting with Maples, who was reporting a theft by an employee. Not long after he sat down, a man pulled up a seat and introduced himself to Schiller as Trump s current bodyguard. I looked at him, totally not impressed by his stature, physical stature,  Schiller recalled in 2015 in a rare videotaped interview.  A light goes off. I said:  Bodyguard, I can do this  . . . I m no stranger to putting my hands on people. His mind was made up and Schiller reached out to Trump, landing a part-time position as a bodyguard. After retiring from the police department in 2004, Schiller began working for Trump full-time, now as the Trump Organization s director of security, a role which involved following Trump on the road during his campaign trail from that point, even providing an extra layer of security after the Secret Service took over.Schiller rarely gives interviews, but that hasn t stopped those around him from doing so and Michael Caputo, a political adviser who worked with Trump between 2013 and 2016, probably summed up best what Schiller means to the Trump organization.  Keith Schiller is not just some bodyguard,  says Caputo.  Nobody knows the score among the advisers better than Keith Schiller.  . . . Keith s always known what s what among the people who are in Donald Trump s orbit. Never was that level of trust on clearer display than in April when Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, traveled to Iraq. Despite the fact that Iraq specialist that would usually be present didn t participate after being told there was no room for them on the plane, Schiller was given a seat at the table during talks with members of the Iraqi government and appeared in official group photographs during the trip.Before becoming a member of Trump s elite inner circle, Schiller was renowned among his NYPD colleagues for his size and strength.  He was strong as an ox,  said David Chong, who served as Schiller s boss for eight years on a New York City police task force on high-intensity drug-trafficking areas. In fact, on some raids, Chong claims that Schiller would volunteer to carry the 60-pound battering ram, anticipating breaking in the door when he reached the top of the stairs.Schiller was also Trump s right-hand man during a WWE event, stepping briefly into the spotlight after Trump  slapped  World Wrestling Entertainment chief Vince McMahon in the center of the ring. As part of the bit, McMahon charged Trump, only to be stopped and repeatedly pushed back by Schiller before finally getting thrown to the ground by Donald Trump s head goon.Naturally, anyone associated with the Trump organization isn t going to be without their controversies and Keith Schiller has more than his fair share. For example, in September 2015 during Trump s campaign, Schiller took a sign from a protester. Unexpectedly, the protester, Efrain Galicia, lunged at Schiller but only received a punch in the face for his efforts, however, Galicia and other protesters are currently attempting to sue. During his testimony, Schiller acknowledged that at the time of the incident, he did not hold a valid New York state security guard license. On another occasion several days earlier, Schiller forcefully removed Univision anchor Jorge Ramos from a Trump campaign news conference for repeatedly asking questions about immigration.All things considered, it comes as no surprise that Donald Trump didn t fire the towering James Comey himself on Tuesday, opting for Keith Schiller over even a more junior staffer. Why would he when he has this type of hired muscle sitting at a desk a few feet away?Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"May 12, 2017",0
 Nazis Whine Over Impending Release Of An Anti-Nazi Video Game (VIDEO/TWEETS),"With the rise of Donald Trump has also come the rise of literal Nazism in America. When the streets of an American street look more like 1930s Germany as they did in Charlottesville, Virginia just weeks ago with murder as the end result, it is time for people to use whatever platforms they have to speak out against Nazism. That is just what is being done by the makers of the video game Wolfenstein II. The company will be releasing a new game on October 27, and it is all about killing Nazis. In a tweet, including a short video, the company made it clear: No Nazis in America. Here is that tweet:Make America Nazi-Free Again. #NoMoreNazis #Wolf2 pic.twitter.com/52OESypw4P  Wolfenstein (@wolfenstein) October 5, 2017Of course, being the idiots that they are, the actual Nazis on Twitter just could not contain themselves, and they lashed out in a rage against the makers of Wolfenstein. Here are just a few of their whiny, insane tweets:imagine seeing the words ""no more nazis"" and reacting like this pic.twitter.com/5L9b8CPm3s  Vylash #TeamKICK (@MiraVylash) October 6, 2017The amount of people legitimately upset by the new Wolfenstein trailer is equal parts sad and hilarious pic.twitter.com/icrl0CfiyO  88 Fingers (@YungShaxx) October 6, 2017Yeah well I wasn't about to play a game about endlessly killing white people anyway. GTA San Andreas is more my speed.  G tz (@Gotz_Iron_Hand) October 6, 2017So, there you have it. Apparently, it is now debatable in America as to whether a video game going after Nazis should be played, because we have literal Nazis right in the middle of our mainstream political culture. This is what happens when you elect a literal fascist as president folks. Thank all of the people who were stupid enough to fall for this con man when we descend further into something so unimaginably dire at the hands of Donald Trump and his white supremacist government and mouthbreathing followers.One would like to believe that good will triumph in the end, but who really knows at this point?Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",News,"October 8, 2017",0
"Trump proposes U.S. tax overhaul, stirs concerns on deficit","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump proposed on Wednesday the biggest U.S. tax overhaul in three decades, calling for tax cuts for most Americans, but prompting criticism that the plan favors business and the rich and could add trillions of dollars to the deficit. The proposal drew a swift, skeptical response from Senator Bob Corker, a leading Republican “fiscal hawk,” who vowed not to vote for any federal tax package financed with borrowed money. “What I can tell you is that I’m not about to vote for any bill that increases our deficit, period,” Corker, who said on Tuesday he would not seek re-election in 2018, told reporters. Trump said his tax plan was aimed at helping working people, creating jobs and making the tax code simpler and fairer. But it faces an uphill battle in the U.S. Congress with Trump’s own Republican Party divided over it and Democrats hostile. The plan would lower corporate and small-business income tax rates, reduce the top income tax rate for high-earning American individuals and scrap some popular tax breaks, including one that benefits people in high-tax states dominated by Democrats. Forged during months of talks among Trump’s aides and top congressional Republicans, the plan contained few details on how to pay for the tax cuts without expanding the budget deficit and adding to the nation’s $20 trillion national debt. The plan still must be turned into legislation, which was not expected until after Congress makes progress on the fiscal 2018 budget, perhaps in October. It must then be debated by the Republican-led congressional tax-writing committees. Analysts were skeptical that Congress could approve a tax bill this year, but that is what Republicans hope to achieve so they can enter next year’s congressional election campaigns with at least one legislative achievement to show for 2017. Financial markets rallied on the plan’s unveiling, an event long anticipated by traders betting that stocks would benefit from both faster economic growth and inflation. At an event in Indianapolis, Trump called the plan the largest tax cut in U.S. history. “We want tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family and, yes, tax reform that is pro-American,” he said. The real estate mogul-turned-politician, who promised big tax cuts as a candidate, told reporters he personally would not gain financially from the proposal. “I think there’s very little benefit for people of wealth,” said Trump, who unlike many of his White House predecessors, has refused to make public his own tax returns. Republicans have produced no major legislative successes since Trump took office in January, even though they control the White House and both chambers of Congress. Their top legislative priority, overhauling the U.S. healthcare system, collapsed again in the Senate on Tuesday. A comprehensive rewrite of the U.S. tax code has eluded previous presidents and Congress for decades. The last one was passed in 1986 under Republican President Ronald Reagan. Trump’s plan falls short of the sweeping, bipartisan package crafted by Reagan and congressional Democrats, analysts said. The White House said that, under the proposal, typical middle-class families would have less income subject to federal tax. Trump said the first $12,000 earned by an individual and the first $24,000 by a married couple would be tax-free. The plan would lower the top individual tax rate, paid by the nation’s top earners, to 35 percent from 39.6 percent. It would lower the top corporate income tax rate to 20 percent from the current 35 percent. The existing rate is high globally, but many U.S.-based multinationals pay much less than the headline rate because of abundant loopholes and tax breaks. Trump has appealed to Democrats to back the plan, although they were not consulted in drafting it. Republicans hold a thin 52-48 Senate majority and may need some Democratic support to win passage. But Democrats said the plan would expand the federal deficit in order to deliver tax cuts to wealthy Americans rather than the middle-class families that Trump and Republicans say they are trying to help.  “If this framework is all about the middle class, then Trump Tower is middle-class housing,” said Senator Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the tax law-writing Senate Finance Committee.      Republican Kevin Brady, chairman of the tax-writing House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee, said he expected tax legislation to be passed by the end of this year. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a Washington-based policy group, estimated on Wednesday the plan contained about $5.8 trillion of total tax cuts over a decade and would have a net cost of $2.2 trillion through 2027. Analysts have warned huge tax cuts would balloon the deficit if economic growth projected by Republicans to offset the costs fails to materialize amid rising interest rates. ‘PASS-THROUGH’ RATE The plan would set a new 25 percent tax rate for “pass-through” businesses, which are usually small, private enterprises, such as partnerships and sole proprietorships. They represent about 95 percent of all U.S. businesses. Under current law, the profits of those companies “pass through” directly to their owners and are taxed as personal income, often at the top 39.6 percent individual income rate. Cutting that to 25 percent could mean big tax savings for small-business owners, but also be vulnerable to abuse by other individuals and companies, analysts said. Republicans proposed eliminating some tax deductions. They did not target the popular ones for mortgage interest and charitable giving, but called for scrapping the one for state and local tax payments. That could especially hurt people in high-tax states like California and New York. In a step to simplify tax returns, the plan would shrink the current seven tax brackets to three: 12 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. That would raise the bottom tax rate on low-earning Americans to 12 percent from 10 percent, but analysts said other parts of the plan would still mean a net tax cut. ",politicsNews,"September 27, 2017 ",1
U.S. House Republican speaker Ryan opposes protests during anthem,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republican Speaker Paul Ryan told journalists on Tuesday that athletes who protest during the national anthem have the right to do so, but that he believes such demonstrations should not take place during “The Star-Spangled Banner.” “People are clearly within their rights to express themselves how they see fit. My own view though is that we shouldn’t do it on the anthem. The national anthem, our flag, and the people who defend it, represent it, that should be celebrated everywhere and always, and that’s my opinion,” Ryan said. U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his fight with the National Football League earlier on Tuesday, calling on the popular league to ban players from kneeling in protest at games while the national anthem is played. ",politicsNews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
 Missouri State Rep. Has DUMBEST Idea EVER For ‘Helping’ Unarmed People In State Capitol (IMAGE),"Missouri, in an attempt to make their state capitol building safer, has put into place security measures they didn t have before, however, it appears there s a problem. A nonexistent problem, but a problem nonetheless. It seems that people can t carry their guns into the statehouse. What to do, what to do? Won t someone please think of those poor people?It turns out that Rep. Nick Marshall is quite the 2nd Amendment freedom fighter, and he has a solution to this less-than real problem. He ll simply let anyone with a CCW borrow a gun from him if they want.Yes, seriously. He actually stuck a sign on his door that reads,  ATTENTION: Any constituent with a CCW that was refused to carry into the Capitol may borrow a firearm from Representative Marshall for the duration of the visit. I can t believe one of my colleagues would actually put this on their door. SMH ?  #moleg pic.twitter.com/F2GRzkjfAu  Randy D. Dunn (@MORepDunn) January 12, 2017He also posted it to his Facebook page:What could possibly go wrong?Marshall is angry about the new security measures at the statehouse. Where once people were able to enter and exit without going through security, now they have to go through metal detectors and put their belongings through x-ray scanners. Elected officials may still carry concealed weapons, along with their staffs, but not the general public.Of course, every 2nd Amendment warrior in all of existence hates this kind of thing, including Marshall, because freedom and liberty and stuff. Another Facebook post of his on this issue says:Marshall and other gun nuts don t actually give a damn about the safety of the people around them. Democratic Rep. Stacey Newman said exactly that in her reaction to Marshall s sign: [I am] greatly disturbed by Rep. Marshall s offer to give guns to his constituents in the state Capitol, purposefully averting our new security restrictions and endangering everyone in the building, including legislators and staff. I am appalled that even my personal security is of no concern to my colleague. No doubt Marshall would say that he is concerned about her personal security, and the personal security of everyone in the building, which is why he will loan guns to anyone with a CCW that lost their weapon at the security checkpoint.Never mind that more access to guns tends to mean more shootings, whether they re intentional or accidental. The  good guy with a gun  myth is too powerful for these 2nd Amendment warriors, though, and they willfully put people in danger. Marshall is a complete idiot for this.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",News,"January 12, 2017",0
 ‘Family Values’ Republicans Introduce A Bill That Would Make Sex With Lobbyists A ‘Gift’,"You have to love the Republican party. They call themselves the party of  family values.  They hold themselves to a  higher moral standard.  They think they are spiritually superior because they statistically go to church more often than Democrats. All of those things, however, are underscored by the one thing that defines Republicans more than anything else: Hypocrisy.The GOP-controlled Missouri state legislature is considering a bill from Rep Bart Korman that would require the  gift  of sex with a lobbyist to be disclosed, but not with a monetary value. Take your time and read it again; your eyes aren t deceiving you. The actual wording of the bill states: the term  gift  shall include sexual relations between a registered lobbyist and a member of the general assembly or his or her staff. Relations between married persons or between persons who entered into a relationship prior to the registration of the lobbyist, the election of the member to the general assembly, or the employment of the staff person shall not be reportable under this subdivision. The reporting of sexual relations for purposes of this subdivision shall not require a dollar valuation. So .yeah. If you re married to a lobbyist or are in an actual relationship with a lobbyist you re good, but if you re boinking one for political gain you have to report it without attaching a dollar value. That little stipulation would presumably keep parties involved from being charged with solicitation.There is some speculation that the bill has its origins in a political quagmire of corruption that Korman himself is at the center of. According to our friends at Freak Out Nation:What we have here is a classic kindergarten game of  if I can t have it, neither can you  that dates back to a kerfuffle related to a fancypants dinner  meeting  held in January 2015.  The House Telecommunications Committee, which is led by none other than Rep. Korman, held a  meeting  at the Jefferson City Country Club, where the men dined on fancy steaks and other high priced entrees.  Oh, and this dinner was fully paid for by a lobbying group that the Committee oversees.The press got wind of it and the public was so incensed that Speaker John Diehl ordered all future meetings be held at the Capital. Rep. Korman tried to justify the Committee s actions by saying that meeting at the club for dinner was the only time the group could congregate.So here we are, one year later, and Rep. Korman proposes this quite bizarre Bill that requires sex be listed as a  gift.  What does that mean, though? Is he insinuating that lobbyists are engaging in sexual activity with lawmakers on a regular basis? Is this directed specifically at Speaker Diehl or another member of the House? So many questions and no answers yet.Political shenanigans need to be called out on this one for sure, but alas Missouri is Missouri. Republicans in red states seldom feel the need to explain themselves. Should the public become concerned with issues they don t want to deal with they can simply introduce a bill limiting abortion, taking food stamps from children or removing any and all gun restrictions on the books.Shiny object politics at its finest.Featured image via Wikipedia",News,"January 7, 2016",0
Trump tax reforms could depend on little-known 'scoring' panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s goal of overhauling the U.S. tax code in 2017 will depend partly on the work of an obscure congressional committee tasked with estimating how much future economic growth will result from tax cuts. Known as the Joint Committee on Taxation, or JCT, the nonpartisan panel assigns “dynamic scores” to major tax bills in Congress, based on economic models, to forecast a bill’s ultimate impact on the federal budget. The higher a tax bill’s dynamic score, the more likely it is seen as spurring growth, raising tax revenues and keeping the federal deficit in check. As Trump and Republicans in Congress plan the biggest tax reform package in a generation, the JCT has come under pressure from corporate lobbyists and other tax cut advocates who worry that too low a dynamic score could show the legislation to add billions, if not trillions of dollars to the federal deficit.    “The problem is that the Joint Committee staff has adopted a whole series of assumptions that truly minimize the effects and underestimate the impact that a properly done tax reform could have,” said David Burton, an economic policy fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank. A low dynamic score could force Republicans to scale back tax cuts or make the reforms temporary, severely limiting the scope of what was one of Trump’s top campaign pledges. Other analysts warn that pressure for a robust dynamic score raises the danger of a politically expedient number that could help reform pass Congress but lead to higher deficits down the road.    Until last year, JCT used a variety of economic models in its arcane calculations, reflecting the uncertainties in such work. But House of Representatives Republicans changed the rules in 2015 to require that a bill’s score reflect only a single estimate of the estimated impact on the wider economy and resulting impact on tax revenues. Next year’s anticipated tax reform package would be the biggest piece of legislation that JCT has scored using this new, narrower approach, presenting the committee with a daunting challenge. JCT Chief of Staff Thomas Barthold acknowledged the challenge of dynamic scoring in an interview with Reuters. “The U.S. economy is so darn complex, you really can’t have one model that picks up all of the complexity and nuance. So the essence of modeling is to try to slim things down, try to emphasize certain points,” he said. Tax reform is still months away. But the initial legislation expected in 2017 is likely to fall somewhere between two similar but separate plans, one backed by Trump and the other by House Republicans including Speaker Paul Ryan.    The proposals lean heavily for fiscal legitimacy on dynamic scoring. Even the most robust independent scores show both plans adding to the deficit. But dynamic scoring, like any economic modeling technique, is far from precise and, when it comes to fiscal policy, any theoretical flaws could lead to very real consequences for taxpayers and the U.S. economy. The JCT has included macroeconomic analyses in its tax bill scores since 2003, providing a range of estimates on economic effects built on a variety of assumptions. When Dave Camp, as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, produced a tax reform bill in 2014, JCT used two models and forecast revenue gains ranging from $50 billion to $700 billion. The committee also provided economic growth forecasts from as low as 0.2 percent to as high as 1.8 percent. The tax package likely to emerge next year will probably be even more complex than Camp’s, prompting some to worry that budgetary and economic forecasts will range even more widely. Some critics, including lobbyists for major corporations that stand to gain from big tax cuts, want JCT’s numbers to look more like the nonpartisan Tax Foundation’s, a research group whose work has been embraced by Trump and House Republicans. The Tax Foundation estimates that the House Republican tax plan would lead to a 9.1 percent higher gross domestic product over the long term, 7.7 percent higher wages and 1.7 million new full-time-equivalent jobs. It predicts the plan would reduce government revenue by $2.4 trillion over a decade, not counting macroeconomic effects, but by only $191 billion once economic growth is taken into account. By contrast, the centrist Tax Policy Center estimates the House plan would add 1 percent to GDP over 10 years and erase $2.5 trillion of revenue, even with positive macroeconomic feedback, due to higher federal debt interest. ",politicsNews,"December 28, 2016 ",1
Justice Kennedy on hot seat in major voting rights case,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supreme Court justices clashed on Tuesday over whether courts should curb the long-standing U.S. political practice of drawing electoral maps to entrench one party in power, with conservative Anthony Kennedy likely to cast the deciding vote. The nine justices heard an hour of arguments in the major voting rights case out of Wisconsin involving the practice known as partisan gerrymandering. Their ruling, due by June, could have an impact on U.S. elections for decades by setting standards for when electoral districts are laid out with such extreme partisan aims that they deprive voters of their constitutional rights. Kennedy, who sometimes sides with the court’s liberal justices in big rulings, did not definitively tip his hand on how he would rule but posed tough questions to Wisconsin’s lawyers that signaled his aversion to electoral districts drawn to give one party a lopsided advantage in elections.  Liberal justices voiced sympathy for the Democratic voters who challenged the Republican-drawn legislative map in Wisconsin as a violation of their constitutional rights. Conservative justices expressed doubt about whether courts should intervene in such highly political disputes, and questioned the challengers’ legal standing to bring the case. The court has a 5-4 conservative majority. Gerrymandering, a practice that began two centuries ago, involves manipulating boundaries of legislative districts to benefit one party and diminish another. Democratic and Republican critics argue that gerrymandering is becoming more extreme because it now can be guided by precise voter data and mapmaking technology, distorting the democratic process by letting politicians choose their voters rather than the other way around. Legislative districts in the 50 U.S. states, redrawn every decade after the national census to reflect population changes, represent the individual components of representative democracy. Kennedy pressed Erin Murphy, a lawyer for Wisconsin’s state Senate, on whether it would be unconstitutional for a state law to contain explicit provisions favoring one party over another. Murphy conceded it would be.  A federal three-judge panel ruled 2-1 last November that Wisconsin’s redistricting plan violated the Constitution’s First Amendment right to freedom of expression and association and 14th Amendment guarantee of equal protection under the law  because of the extent to which it marginalized Democratic voters. Wisconsin appealed that ruling to the high court. In a 2004 ruling in another case, Kennedy parted with his conservative colleagues to suggest that if partisan gerrymandering went too far, violating the Constitution, courts may have to step in if a “workable standard” for deciding when to do that could be found.  “Gerrymandering is distasteful,” conservative Justice Samuel Alito said. But Alito voiced doubt over whether the metrics used to measure gerrymandering, drawn from social science and endorsed by the lower court, were manageable. Conservative Chief Justice John Roberts called those metrics “sociological gobbledygook.” Conservative Justice Neil Gorsuch said a court-approved formula for identifying unconstitutional gerrymandering would be hard to achieve, comparing various standards proposed to spices on a steak dinner. “What’s this court supposed to do? A pinch of this, a pinch of that?” he asked. He voiced doubt that the Constitution authorizes courts to step in at all. The challengers received some muscular support. “It is time to terminate gerrymandering,” Republican former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, the star of the “Terminator” movies, told a rally outside the courthouse. Redistricting typically is done by the party controlling a state’s legislature. Gerrymandering is usually accomplished by concentrating voters who tend to favor a particular party in a small number of districts to reduce their statewide voting power - called packing - while scattering others in districts in numbers too small to be a majority - called cracking. The Supreme Court for decades has been willing to invalidate state electoral maps on the grounds of racial discrimination but never those drawn simply for partisan advantage. Roberts raised concerns about the high court approving or rejecting future state electoral maps, suggesting the public could start viewing the court as a political body.  “That is going to cause very serious harm to the status and integrity of the decisions of this court in the eyes of the country,” Roberts added. Some liberal justices wondered what would happen to voters if partisan gerrymandering made election results preordained. “What incentive is there for a voter to exercise his vote?” Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg asked. “What becomes of the precious right to vote?” Wisconsin’s electoral map, drawn after the 2010 U.S. census, enabled Republicans to win a sizable majority of Wisconsin legislative seats despite losing the popular vote statewide to the Democrats. The party’s majority has since expanded. The plaintiffs’ attorney, Paul Smith, urged the justices to act. “If you let this go,” he said, “in 2020 you’re going to have a festival of copycat gerrymandering, the likes of which this country has never seen.” “You are the only institution in the United States ... that can solve this problem,” Smith added. ",politicsNews,"October 3, 2017 ",1
HUNDREDS VOTING FROM THE GRAVE In This California County Stirs Investigation [Video],"A comparison of records by David Goldstein, investigative reporter for CBS2/KCAL9, has revealed hundreds of so-called dead voters in Southern California, a vast majority of them in Los Angeles County. He took a lot of time choosing his candidates,  said Annette Givans of her father, John Cenkner.Cenkner died in Palmdale in 2003. Despite this, records show that he somehow voted from the grave in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2010.But he s not the only one.CBS2 compared millions of voting records from the California Secretary of State s office with death records from the Social Security Administration and found hundreds of so-called dead voters.Specifically, 265 in Southern California and a vast majority of them, 215, in Los Angeles County alone.The numbers come from state records that show votes were cast in that person s name after they died. In some cases, Goldstein discovered that they voted year after year.Across all counties, Goldstein uncovered 32 dead voters who cast ballots in eight elections apiece, including a woman who died in 1988. Records show she somehow voted in 2014, 26 years after she passed away.It remains unclear how the dead voters voted but 86 were registered Republicans, 146 were Democrats, including Cenkner. He s a diehard Democrat, and I was thinking that if somebody was voting under his name, he s probably rolling in his grave if they were voting Republican,  Givans said.She said her dad always voted at the polls, only now records show someone else may be casting his vote. It just astounds me. I don t understand how anybody can get away with that,  she said.And then there s Julita Abutin.Records show she voted in Norwalk in 2014, 2012, 2010 and 2008 though she died in 2006.Abutin s daughter, Marivic, says it s impossible that her mother voted.But the Los Angeles County Registrar confirms they have signed vote-by-mail envelopes with her mother s name for the 2014 and 2012 election, though she died 10 years ago.Edward Carbajal Jr. s father died in La Puente in 2001 but state records show a vote was cast in his father s name in eight elections after he passed away.It s possible as a junior, election officials mistakenly attributed the vote to his father. There is no way to tell from CBS2 s data but he wonders why his dad is still registered. I mean, that should be something that everybody that s involved with these types of things should know who s alive and who isn t,  he said.The Los Angeles County Registrar told CBS2:  We remove 1200 to 2000 deceased records from the database per month. But the news station checked all of the dead voters from LA County on the Registrar s website and found 212 of the 215 were still registered and eligible to vote in next month s presidential primary election. It s very troubling because it basically dilutes the voice of the lawful voter,  said Ellen Swensen with the  True the Vote,  a nationwide voter-rights group. What it does is every single vote that s cast by a dead voter actually cancels out a vote of a lawful voter cause if they voted for one candidate and you voted let s say for another, your vote got canceled out,  she said.As Goldstein reports, it was all supposed to change after the hanging chads incident in Florida in the 2000 presidential election. Congress passed the Help America Vote Act in 2002, which mandated sweeping reforms, including a statewide voter registration system that would eliminate ineligible voters.But California is the only state that s still not compliant with the act. Secretary of State Alex Padilla hopes to have it compliant later this year.  The problem is California has been the most derelict state in the country in implementing statewide databases that are required under federal law. They just blew it off for over a decade,  said Adams.Read more: CBSLA",politics,"Nov 11, 2016",0
 Rep. Ted Lieu Has A Response To Sean Spicer’s Daily Lies; It’s GLORIOUS (TWEET),"Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA) is one of the loudest and most steadfast members of #THERESISTANCE in Congress. He has called Donald Trump an  evil man  over the GOP s cruel approach to healthcare, and has even suggested that president #45 could use some mental health treatment. Now, Rep. Lieu has posted a video to Twitter in which he doesn t speak at all, but doesn t need to.Lieu s latest target is White House Lying Mouthpiece Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Of course, Spicer is in the limelight right now because of his treatment of veteran reporter April Ryan during Tuesday s press briefing. He was condescending, he lied to her face, and basically treated her like she was beneath him. Rep. Lieu s answer? To print out a sign and tape it to his office name plate that identifies the space as an  #Alternativefacts Free Zone.  In the two second video that he posted to Twitter, he simply shakes his head with regards to how he feels about anything Spicer has to say:This is my response to pretty much everything White House @PressSec @SeanSpicer says during his press briefings. cc: @AprilDRyan pic.twitter.com/OlnCbpvVs8  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 29, 2017This is the only appropriate response to anything coming from Sean Spicer, or any of the other lying excuses for White House officials at this point. They repeatedly lie and spread propaganda to the American public   all to keep from being fired by Lord Orange Marmalade.Keep resisting from Congress, Rep. Lieu, and we ll keep resisting from the streets.Featured image by Kris Connor via Getty Images for  Food Chains ",News,"March 30, 2017",0
4TH OF JULY HUMOR: Brutal Cartoon Shows Difference Between Liberals And Proud Americans,Boom!Courtesy of: comicallyincorrect.com,left-news,"Jul 4, 2016",0
Romania's former king Michael dies in Switzerland at age of 96,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s former King Michael died in Switzerland at the age of 96 on Tuesday, the Royal House was quoted by Digi 24 TV as saying on Tuesday. King Michael of Romania withdrew from public life because of illness in 2016. A cousin of Britain s Queen Elizabeth, Michael was forced to abdicate in 1947 after the post-war Communist takeover of Romania and has lived in exile in the West for decades. He underwent surgery for leukaemia and cancer. ",worldnews,"December 5, 2017 ",1
AFTER GM’S TAXPAYER BAILOUT AND $10 BILLION IN FORGIVEN DEBT…Cars Now Made In China [Video],"Was the GM bailout REALLY about American jobs? The taxpayers were sold a bill of goods on the GM bailout and still haven t seen anything but jobs going overseas. The American worker and American taxpayer deserve better!In 2016, General Motors will roll out for the first time in the United States a new model of Buick built exclusively in China: the Buick Envision.It s the first time the iconic American auto manufacturer will sell cars built in China in the United States since receiving a sizable taxpayer-funded bailout at the end of the George W. Bush administration and beginning of the Barack Obama administration.The Buick Envision which was available in China for purchase as far back as 2014 will make its official debut in the United States in the summer of 2016.The Buick Envision bills itself  a luxury crossover designed to turn heads and welcome you in. A quick search of  Buick Envision  leads to the Buick Envision s website where one can explore all the features and design of the vehicle. The website doesn t appear to make any reference to the fact that the Envision is manufactured in China.The issue of U.S. auto manufacturers moving production facilities overseas has taken a center stage this presidential election, with the rise of both billionaire Donald Trump in the Republican Party and of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% of Vermont in the Democratic Party.Trump has drawn attention to GM competitor Ford for the company s decision to move manufacturing to Mexico, but Ford wasn t the recipient of a taxpayer-funded bailout. Sanders, meanwhile, has used his opposition to the bailouts to show that he isn t influenced by crony capitalism all while former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has tried to take credit for saving the auto industry with her support of the bailout.Breitbart News reached out to American Jobs Alliance to get its reaction to GM s decision to import Chinese-produced cars.  When the taxpayers bailed out General Motors, we were told it was all about saving jobs in America. Now GM turns around and throws Americans under the wheels of Buicks made in China. Where does it stop? Will General Motors build Cadillacs, Chevys and GMC trucks in China next?  Curtis Ellis executive director American Jobs Alliance told Breitbart News.General Motors has also announced plans to sell a Chinese manufactured hybrid Cadillac, the CT6 in American markets. Flint was known for decades as Buick City. It s now jobless, bankrupt and destitute,  Ellis continued.Read more: Breitbart",politics,"Mar 31, 2016",0
U.S. special envoy encouraged that Kurds could embrace plan to delay referendum,"ERBIL (Reuters) - Brett McGurk, the U.S. special envoy to the coalition against Islamic State, on Thursday said he was encouraged that the Iraqi Kurdish leadership could embrace a plan to delay an  independence referendum. Moving forward with the referendum on Sept. 25 would be a  risky  move for Iraq s autonomous Kurdish region because there was no international support for it at this moment, McGurk said in a news conference.  ",worldnews,"September 14, 2017 ",1
"BREAKING: FBI DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY Re-Opens Investigation Of Hillary’s Private Server, As New Details Emerge","The Federal Bureau of Investigations will reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server exclusively during her time as Secretary of State.In a letter to Congress, FBI director James B. Comey revealed that the bureau had learned of more emails connected to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed by on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,  Comey wrote.Previously, Comey testified that the investigation was closed, but said that  recent developments  caused him to  supplement  his testimony.Comey did not give a timeline for the conclusion of the investigation.House oversight committee chairman Jason Chaffetz reacted to the news on Twitter.FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 Case reopened,  he commented, citing Comey s letter.Via: Breitbart",politics,"Oct 28, 2016",0
Trump's Washington foreign policy speech,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump delivered a major foreign policy speech on Wednesday, vowing always to put America first.. The following are highlights from his address: “No country has ever prospered that failed to put its own interests first. Both our friends and our enemies put their countries above ours and we, while being fair to them, must start doing the same. We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism. The nation-state remains the true foundation for happiness and harmony. I am skeptical of international unions that tie us up and bring America down.” “The Russians and Chinese have rapidly expanded their military capability, but look at what’s happened to us. Our nuclear weapons arsenal, our ultimate deterrent, has been allowed to atrophy and is desperately in need of modernization and renewal.” “Our active duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million in 1991 to about 1.3 million today. The Navy has shrunk from over 500 ships to 272 ships during this same period of time. The air force is about one-third smaller than 1991. Pilots flying B-52s, in combat missions today - these planes are older than virtually everybody in this room.” “President Obama watches helplessly as North Korea increases its aggression and expands further and further with its nuclear reach. Our president has allowed China to continue its economic assault on American jobs and wealth, refusing to enforce trade deals and apply leverage on China necessary to rein in North Korea. We have the leverage. We have the power over China, economic power, and people don’t understand it. And with that economic power we can rein in and we can get them to do what they have to do with North Korea, which is totally out of control.”     “Russia, for instance, has also seen the horror of Islamic terrorism. I believe an easing of tensions, and improved relations with Russia from a position of strength only is possible, absolutely possible. Common sense says this cycle, this horrible cycle of hostility, must end and ideally will end soon.” “We have a massive trade deficit with China, a deficit that we have to find a way quickly, and I mean quickly, to balance. A strong and smart America is an America that will find a better friend in China, better than we have right now. Look at what China is doing in the South China Sea. They’re not supposed to be doing it. No respect for this country or this president. We can both benefit or we can both go our separate ways. If need be, that’s what’s going to have to happen.” “And then there’s ISIS. I have a simple message for them: Their days are numbered. I won’t tell them where and I won’t tell them how.” “ISIS will be gone if I’m elected president. And they’ll be gone quickly.” “He (Obama) negotiated a disastrous deal with Iran, and then we watched them ignore its terms even before the ink was dry. Iran cannot be allowed to have a nuclear weapon.” “He (Obama) supported the ouster of a friendly regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel, and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place. “Israel, our great friend and the one true democracy in the Middle East has been snubbed and criticized by an administration that lacks moral clarity. “President Obama has not been a friend to Israel.  He has treated Iran with tender love and care and made it a great power.” “After I’m elected president, I will also call for a summit with our NATO allies and a separate summit with our Asian allies. In these summits, we will not only discuss a rebalancing of financial commitments, but take a fresh look at how we can adopt new strategies for tackling our common challenges.     “For instance, we will discuss how we can upgrade NATO’s outdated mission and structure, grown out of the Cold War to confront our shared challenges, including migration and Islamic terrorism.” ",politicsNews,"April 27, 2016 ",1
Finnish police rap deputy minister for hiding in car boot in government crisis,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish police reprimanded a man for traveling in a car boot to hide his meeting with Prime Minister Juha Sipila during a government crisis last summer, saying this was breach of the traffic code. A police statement did not name the man in the boot, but in effect indicated the traveler was State Secretary Samuli Virtanen, who is also the deputy to Foreign Minister Timo Soini. The meeting took place in June, a day after Virtanen s co-ruling Finns party had elected anti-immigration hardliners as its new leaders. The government was close to collapse until a group of politicians, including Virtanen and Soini, in the following week walked out of the Finns party and announced they would form a new group. The Finns party was thrown out of the government and the new  Blue Reform  group kept its cabinet seat. Virtanen has not commented on the case, but lawmaker Tiina Elovaara from Blue Reform said in a blog that Virtanen climbed into the boot to keep the meeting secret at a critical moment.  He avoided media attention when the situation was most serious, and the risk of leakage about the parliamentarians  transition was too big,  Elovaara said. Police said that the man had traveled a few tens of meters in the back of the car, failing to use a safety belt. He had admitted the act to the police. The road from the Prime Minister s residency has little traffic, and only the man was at risk of harm, the police said.  The given notification is considered as a sufficient sanction,  Inspector Pekka Seppala said. He added that the police had been asked to investigate the case based on information in media reports.  ",worldnews,"November 17, 2017 ",1
ANTI-TRUMP RADICAL Taunts TRUMP Supporters With ISIS Flag Photo And Beheading Video, This really shouldn t be surprising for anyone who has been following the anarchy and chaos in Europe. Groups of roaming thugs are creating total chaos with violence and torching of cars. Sound familiar? We had the very same thing with the anti-Trump crowd at the inauguration. One solution is to COME DOWN HARD on these violent protesters. Law and Order should be brought back to kill the politically correct attitude we had for 8 long years.Read more: InfoWars,left-news,"Jan 22, 2017",0
Some Syrian schools erase Assad but tensions rise over Kurdish,"HAZIMA, Syria (Reuters) - The few bullet-marked schools Islamic State did not flatten or booby trap around its former Syrian stronghold of Raqqa are buzzing for the first time in years with the sound of children learning. In the village of Hazima, north of Raqqa, teachers gave ad-hoc alphabet lessons to crammed classrooms on a recent summer s day before the start of term.   Right now, the most important thing is to get children into class,  said teacher Ahmed al-Ahmed, standing next to a hole in the school stairwell left by a mine blast that wounded a colleague. The ultra-hardline Islamic State closed this school and  many others in northern Syria after it seized control of the region in 2014, three years into the country s civil war. Instead it taught children extremist thought in mosques. But now that the group has been ousted from most territory it held in and around Raqqa by a U.S.-backed military alliance, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a growing debate over education points to the ethnic tensions expected to follow. What is taught in areas under the control of the SDF, which includes Arab militias but is dominated by the Kurdish YPG, is one of many questions over how predominantly Arab parts of northern Syria will be run as they come into the Kurdish fold. Schools around Raqqa will this year teach a new curriculum that is based on old textbooks but erases the Baathist ideology of President Bashar al-Assad, a decision agreed on by Arab and Kurdish teachers alike. But an official in the SDF has floated the immediate introduction of Kurdish lessons in Raqqa schools, an idea that makes local officials bristle. In contrast with other areas under SDF control that have for years taught Kurdish, there are no plans yet to teach the language in mostly Arab Raqqa.  Officials say it would need broad consensus, hinting at concerns that its introduction too quickly would cause unrest.  We wouldn t object to Kurdish teaching. But if it s imposed on schools then there will be problems,  Ahmed said. The YPG has held areas of northeast Syria since early in the six-year-old war which are now under a self-run administration opposed by Assad, who holds the main population centers in the west and is also advancing against Islamic State, and Turkey, a YPG foe which borders Syria. Raqqa is likely to join the administration, officials say. All ethnic groups are represented in the local bodies that run majority Arab regions captured by the SDF as it ousted IS fighters but critics say Kurds dominate decision-making. Reuters interviews with SDF officials and local authorities suggest resentment over Kurdish power is brewing over education plans. A senior SDF adviser and coordinator with the U.S. coalition said he believed Kurdish would be taught to Kurdish pupils around Raqqa this year, following the model for other schools in SDF territory.  No one has opposed this ... every (ethnic) group has the right to study in its own language,  Amed Sido said via the internet. Officials in the Raqqa Civil Council, the newly-formed local governing body, were taken aback.  No, that won t happen without consultations with us and agreement in the council,  Ammar Hussein, an education committee official, said at its office in the town of Ain Issa.  For now it s in Arabic, with English and French lessons.  Echoing several council members, he said Kurdish would be taught only if families requested it, there were enough qualified teachers and the Arab-Kurdish council approved it.  If the people here agree ... there won t be any objection,  said Ali Shanna, another education committee official.  But the Kurd knows the Kurdish language, why does he need to learn it?   A former Kurdish teacher privately derided Shanna s comments.  I hate that attitude. It s ignorance, it s the same thinking as Daesh (Islamic State),  said the teacher, who had been jailed under Assad for writing a Kurdish-language journal. The sensitivity over language has already caused unrest in Hasaka to the northeast, an area controlled for years by the YPG where a new curriculum is taught in Arabic and Kurdish, both now official languages. In demonstrations reported by a monitoring group, protesters called for Arab children not to have to learn Kurdish. Mostafa Bali, an SDF official, said there was no intention to force Kurdish on Arabs, or to suppress Arabic.  We don t support racism over language. But there are many Kurds who would like to see Arabic teaching banned in Kurdish areas as revenge for the Baath (teaching),  he said. The Baathist curriculum championed Arab nationalism over ethnic identity. Kurdish pupils were punished for speaking their mother tongue in school playgrounds. Now, even in some Arab-majority towns, Kurds are taught Kurdish. Officials in Raqqa are determined to do things their way, regardless of what they say are potential military threats from Assad or neighboring Turkey.  We won t let Turkey or anyone else interfere in our internal affairs. We decide what we ll teach or not teach,  Leila Mostafa, the Kurdish co-president of the Raqqa Civil Council said. At Hazima school, teachers worry about both the legacy left by Islamic State and Assad, and future political upheaval.  One kid turned up singing Islamic State chants,  teacher Ahmed Saoud said.  The teachers say  racist  Baathist modules help fuel Syria s conflict and are anxious to begin the new curriculum.  It s urgent we start teaching. The next phase will be difficult - there ll be a reckoning between factions,  Ahmed al-Ahmed said, without specifying which groups he was referring to.  A reckoning, in general.  ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
" Trump BETRAYS House Republicans, HUMILIATES Them For Trying To Weaken Ethics Office (TWEETS)","Yesterday, House Republicans set themselves up for loads of humiliation after they quietly voted to take away the independence of the Office of Congressional Ethics without giving any warning whatsoever.Republicans in Congress had been trying to take away the ability of the ethic watchdog to do its own independent investigations. As soon as the announcement was made, these GOPers were faced with an onslaught of criticism for trying to help aide corruption and keep the public in the dark. To make the criticism even more humiliating, one of those people was President-elect Donald Trump.On Tuesday morning, Trump decided to abandon the Republican Party and blast them on Twitter for making the gutting of the ethics office their first priority when there were more pressing matters at hand:Twitter TwitterIt is important to note that Trump isn t necessarily condemning the House GOP s choice to limit the ethics office   Trump is merely upset about the timing of it. Sean Spicer, Trump s incoming press secretary, set the record straight with reporters that Trump s annoyance with the Republicans had nothing to do with the action itself, as Jennifer Bendery pointed out:TwitterThe GOP has been so humiliated by the response from Trump and many others that they ve practically been forced to take back their vote. Shortly after Trump tweeted his disapproval of the initiative, the House GOP held an emergency meeting where they unanimously voted to abandon the issue for now. Many Republicans plan to return to the idea later on, once the criticism has died down.TwitterThe GOP has truly gotten an embarrassing start to 2017, already having to back down from one of their corrupt ideas after their own Republican Party leader trashed it. If the GOP thought Trump was going to have their back all the time, they have another thing coming.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",News,"January 3, 2017",0
Saudi detains four current ministers in anti-corruption campaign,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has detained four current ministers as part of its anti-corruption campaign, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya TV reported on Sunday.  Arabiya said the number of detained princes had climbed to 11. It reported earlier that 10 princes and dozens of former ministers had been detained through a new anti-corruption committee, headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, which was formed by royal decree on Saturday. ",worldnews,"November 4, 2017 ",1
U.S. signals caution to Saudis despite shared concern about Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite President Donald Trump s full-throated support for Saudi Arabia, the United States appears to be signaling a desire for Riyadh to take a more cautious approach in its regional power struggle with Iran, experts say. The Trump administration, which shares Saudi Arabia s view of Iran as a regional menace, has strongly backed the Kingdom in the wake of a failed missile attack from Iran-aligned forces in Yemeni territory that demonstrated an ability to strike the Saudi capital. Trump has cultivated much warmer ties with the Saudis after a fraught relationship with the Obama administration - the president made Riyadh his first stop on his maiden international trip - and has vowed to take strong action to confront Iran. Nevertheless, Washington, which has U.S. forces in Syria and Iraq, is telegraphing a more tempered stance toward the confrontation in a region beset with turmoil.  On Thursday, the State Department called for  unimpeded access  for humanitarian aid to Yemen, after Saudi Arabia imposed a blockade on the country to stem the flow of arms to Iran-aligned Houthi fighters.  A day later, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made clear he still recognized as Lebanon s prime minister Saad al-Hariri, who unexpectedly announced his resignation on Nov. 4 from Riyadh. In announcing his decision on television, Hariri said he feared assassination and accused Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world, thrusting Lebanon into the front line of the competition between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran.  Two U.S. officials said the Saudis, led by Crown Prince Mohammed, had  encouraged  Hariri to leave office and Lebanese officials say he is being held in Saudi Arabia, a charge Riyadh denies. Hariri has not commented publicly on whether he is free to come and go as he pleases. In a statement on Saturday, the White House said it  rejects any efforts by militias within Lebanon or by any foreign forces to threaten Lebanon s stability...or use Lebanon as a base from which to threaten others in the region.  When asked to comment on whether the United States was pushing for a more cautious Saudi response, both the White House and State Department referred to Saturday s statement on Lebanon. Tillerson was  not going along with the Saudi position in describing the Lebanese state as under capture by Hezbollah,   said Paul Salem, the senior vice president of the Middle East Institute, a Washington think tank.  That s significant.   Tillerson was also  signaling to the Israelis ... that now is not the time to go after Lebanon,  said Salem, referring to long-standing Israeli concerns about Hezbollah s growing military prowess. Ray Takeyh, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, said he believed the Trump administration was still seeking to help the Saudis advance their interests against Iran without destabilizing the region.  This is a delicate balancing act. It involves supporting allies in a policy that the administration agrees with, while trying to mitigate aspects of it that it (sees as) overstated,  Takeyh said. Tillerson s statement also urged  all parties both within Lebanon and outside  to respect Lebanon s independence and said there was no role for any foreign forces. The United States regularly criticizes Iran and Hezbollah for their role in Lebanon. Tillerson s backing of Hariri and the Lebanese government contrasted sharply with the approach taken by Saudi Arabia, which has lumped Lebanon with Hezbollah as parties hostile to it.  I see Rex Tillerson as being an old fashioned American diplomat and old fashioned American diplomacy in the Middle East is all about stability,  said F. Gregory Gause, chairman of the International Affairs Department at Texas A&M University.  I m not entirely sure that that is the position of the chief executive of the United States,  Gause added. The Saudi actions coincide with an anti-corruption purge by the country s future king that tightened his grip on power. Trump tweeted on Monday that he had  great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia  following the mass arrests - the biggest such purge of the kingdom s affluent elite in its modern history. Trump also tweeted that  they know exactly what they are doing.   Former and current U.S. officials with deep knowledge of Saudi Arabia say Trump s enthusiastic support for Prince Mohammed has emboldened the youthful Saudi leader. Tillerson told reporters the purge appeared  well intended  but the mass arrests, which have swept up officials long known in Washington, also fueled U.S. concerns.  It raises a few concerns until we see more clearly how these particular individuals are dealt with,  Tillerson added. Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, the president s senior adviser, who has cultivated a close relationship with Prince Mohammed, recently returned from Saudi Arabia, fueling speculation on whether he may have had wind of the Crown Prince s plans. A senior administration official said they had no advance knowledge. ",worldnews,"November 11, 2017 ",1
Honduran vote count gives Hernandez 1 point lead over rival,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez extended the lead over his rival to just over one percentage point in a seesawing, delayed vote count for a presidential election that has sparked a political crisis, latest results showed on Thursday. The website of the electoral tribunal said that with 90.4 percent of ballots counted after Sunday s election, Hernandez had secured 42.68 percent of the vote in the Central American nation, with his centrist opponent Salvador Nasralla on 41.6 percent. The process has been disrupted by technical glitches, and Nasralla initially held a five point lead over pre-election favorite Hernandez until the count ground to a halt on Monday with more than half of the ballots counted. When the count restarted some 36 hours later, the results started to swing in favor of Hernandez, and Nasralla cried foul, rejecting the figures and saying that he was being robbed. ",worldnews,"November 30, 2017 ",1
"BEYOND MISSION CREEP: U.S. Planning to Send 1,000 More Ground Troops into Syria"," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireJust as 21WIRE reported last week   the US mainstream media are still black-balling any substantial reporting about US boots on the ground in Syria. Instead, America s media are obsessing over Trump s tax returns, various Russian conspiracy theories, and Michael Flynn s Moscow public speaking engagement in 2015. With this latest Pentagon announcement of an additional 1,000 US troops to Syria, that would bring the total combat deployment to approximately 4,000 inside of Syria.Considering the amount of media coverage and political debate over the 5,000 US military personnel send to Iraq over the last 3 years   one must ask why the silence in US media about the stealth build-up for a major battle in Raqqa, Syria.Previously, 21WIRE reported how the United States has sent in combat troops to support YPG fighters (Kurdish People s Protect Units in Syria)   much to the dismay of Turkey, and to the annoyance of both Russian and Syrian planners. Turkey has been pressing the US to change its strategy for fighting Islamic State in Syria by abandoning the YPG whom it deems as terrorists (in league with the Kurdish PKK in Turkey).The other aspect of this is being ignored by western media and their legion of panel  experts . There are a number of rival factions and militias being backed by the US besides the Syrian Democratic Forces (comprised of Kurdish YPG). the US-led Coalition have substantial investments in Sunni extremist (terrorist) fighting groups allied under the Al Nusra (al Qaeda in Syria) umbrella. Consider how back in late 2015, the US deployed 5o US Special Forces in Syria as  human shields    arguably to salvage its  rebels assets being ravaged by Russian airstrikes.After the Coalition s epic loss when Al Nusra-led brigades were driven out of terrorist stronghold in East Aleppo, one must ask if there an element of this in US positioning around Manbij and Raqqa?With so many stakeholders, the margin for error is extremely thin. The situation is fraught with risks for all parties. NOTE: This is taking place amid a political storm in Washington   as the entire Democratic Party, half the Republican Party and the whole of the US mainstream media are all trying to bring down the Trump Administration. If Raqqa is deemed a success, it will effectively give Trump a win. If it is deemed a disaster, then it will be used to fuel the anti-Trump resistance in the US. If the White House is too desperate for a win, then the prospect of a mistake or miscalculation becomes ever riskier. If a major world war is to be triggered   it could very well happen here. Clearly, the US and others are planning a massive operation to lay siege to Raqqa, the ISIS stronghold in Syria. However, if the other similar allied operation in Mosul, Iraq is anything to go by, then expect massive civilian  casualties in this battle too. The civilian carnage has been mostly censored from mainstream in the US and Europe, the  Coalition  are afraid of the negative public relations backlash in the event that western public received too much negative news about the haphazard operation in Mosul.  After early reports of massive civilian casualties in late 2016, it seems that the Pentagon have given the order to mainstream editorial desks to back off on negative reporting. How else can we explain how hundreds, and possibly thousands, of civilians killed in this month alone   has managed to escape any and all media scrutiny?To underline this matter, yesterday, Human Rights Watch issued two new reports accusing Iraqi troops of using indiscriminate shelling into civilian areas in the fight to liberate Mosul from ISIS control.Based these recent reports, it s becoming more clear that US-led Coalition is sacrificing civilians in their objective to target ISIS fighters.To make matters worse, ISIS, like Al Nusra terrorists in Aleppo, have been using Mosul civilians as human shields. The only difference in this comparison is that western media were condemning the Syrian and Russian militaries for their anti-terror operations in Aleppo, while giving a free pass to clear US Coalition atrocities against civilians in Mosul.Forget about any word from the US State Dept. either   as they run point on the cover-up: The other conversation which has been deemed off limits by US and western media   is the fact that this US deployment inside of Syria is completely illegal under every international law, as well as in total violation of the US Constitution. US were not invited by the Syrian government   therefore, like its fellow NATO member Turkey, the US has effectively invaded Syria.US involvement in Syria is now way past mission creep.More on more US troops in Syria from the Washington Post .  . Thomas Gibbons-Neff Washington PostThe U.S. military has drawn up early plans that would deploy up to 1,000 more troops into northern Syria in the coming weeks, expanding the American presence in the country ahead of the offensive on the Islamic State s de facto capital of Raqqa, according to U.S. defense officials familiar with the matter.The deployment, if approved by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and President Trump, would potentially double the number of U.S. forces in Syria and increase the potential for direct U.S. combat involvement in a conflict that has been characterized by confusion and competing priorities among disparate forces.Trump, who charged former president Barack Obama with being weak on Syria, gave the Pentagon 30 days to prepare a new plan to counter the Islamic State, and Mattis submitted a broad outline to the White House at the end of February. Gen. Joseph Votel, head of U.S. Central Command, has been filling in more details for that outline, including by how much to increase the U.S. ground presence in Syria. Votel is set to forward his recommendations to Mattis by the end of the month, and the Pentagon secretary is likely to sign off on them, according to a defense official familiar with the deliberations.While the new contingent of U.S. troops would initially not play a combat role, they would be entering an increasingly complex and dangerous battlefield. In recent weeks, U.S. Army Rangers have been sent to the city of Manbij west of Raqqa to deter Russian, Turkish and Syrian opposition forces all operating in the area, while a Marine artillery battery recently deployed near Raqqa has already come under fire, according to a defense official with direct knowledge of their operations.The moves would also mark a departure from the Obama administration, which resisted committing more ground troops to Syria.The implementation of the proposed plan, however, relies on a number of variables that have yet to be determined, including how much to arm Kurdish and Arab troops on the ground, and what part regional actors, such as Turkey, might have in the Raqqa campaign Continue this story at The Washington PostREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",Middle-east,"March 17, 2017",0
" Sorry, GOP: This Economic Powerhouse Just Got 99% Of Its Energy From Renewable Energy","Republicans have pessimistically said it can t be done, that renewable energy can t do for us what oil, gas, and coal have done for generations.But Germany just put Republicans in their place and proved that clean energy can do just that if given the chance.On Sunday, Chancellor Angela Merkel had good reason to celebrate as renewable energy sources provided nearly 100 percent of the nation s energy needs for the first time.According to Bloomberg:Solar and wind power peaked at 2 p.m. local time on Sunday, allowing renewables to supply 45.5 gigawatts as demand was 45.8 gigawatts, according to provisional data by Agora Energiewende, a research institute in Berlin. Power prices turned negative during several 15-minute periods yesterday, dropping as low as minus 50 euros ($57) a megawatt-hour In other words, clean energy saved people lots of money on their electricity bills on several occasions on Sunday and proved that it is possible to replace conventional energy sources with renewable energy sources.If you take a look at the graph below, you will see that solar power, as represented in yellow, surged to hit the red line, which represents the electricity consumption of the population. For that one shining brief period, clean energy surpassed the conventional sources and embarrassed every single Republican who has scoffed at the prospect of clean energy in the United States.Just imagine if clean energy did this here. Imagine if we actually put our full effort and focus into developing a clean energy infrastructure, we could watch as our electric bills shrink and our dependence on fossil fuels disappears. It would save us money and help save the planet at the same time.But that s assuming Republicans jump on board the clean energy train instead of continuing to be shills for oil and coal companies while claiming that God will save the planet.Featured image via Wikimedia",News,"May 16, 2016",0
WOW! New Email (Pictured) Uncovered Shows Hillary Telling Top Aide It’s A ‘Good Idea’ To Lie,"Who s Ready For Hillary?Among the thousands more Hillary Clinton s emails that have been released are ones exchanged with her top aide that may just add to the dilemma facing the 2016 Democratic Presidential candidate.Among the latest batch are emails from her adviser Sidney Blumenthal.On December 6, 2010 he sent her an email including a link to a news story with the headline:  U.S. Orders Diplomats to Stop Telling Truth Clinton replies:  Sounds like a good idea! The emails also reveal that Blumenthal felt the former Secretary of State was  vindicated  over the Libyan uprising even though the Benghazi scandal was still to come.Blumenthal told her in August 2011 she had to go on camera to announce the  successful strategy  when rebels took control of the country. He told her to speak to the media even if it meant giving a speech from the driveway of her holiday home in The Hamptons. Blumenthal wrote:  First, brava! This is a historic moment and you will be credited for realizing it.  When Qaddafi himself is finally removed, you should of course make a public statement before the cameras wherever you are, even in the driveway of your vacation house.  You must go on camera. You must establish yourself in the historical record at this moment. The most important phrase is:  successful strategy.  But in hindsight such vindication never materialized. In fact, Benghazi has become the second biggest headache for Hillary Clinton after Servergate. Over the following months after that email exchange, Libya slid into civil war and a year later US ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed when the American embassy in Benghazi was overrun by militants. The ensuing scandal has been an albatross for the candidate.Clinton was forced to testify before a House Committee investigating the terror attack that killed ambassador Stevens and could still be recalled to face more questions. Meanwhile, Libya has become what the State Department has called a  safe haven  for terrorists and a main launching point for people smugglers sending migrants to Europe. Via: Daily Mail ",Government News,"Oct 2, 2015",0
Bus bomb kills eight in Syria's Homs city: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in Syria s Homs on Tuesday, state media said, citing the city s health authority. Islamic State claimed the attack, saying the blast killed 11 members of the Syrian army, its official news agency AMAQ said. Many of the passengers were university students, Homs Governor Talal Barazi told state-run Ikhbariya TV. The blast in the government-held city hit the Akrama district, near al-Baath University.  Footage showed people crowding around the burned shell of a vehicle in the middle of a street. State television said  a bomb that terrorists planted in a passenger bus exploded .  Islamic State militants had claimed responsibility for a similar attack in Homs in May, when a car bomb killed four people and injured 32 others.  A string of bombings have struck cities under government control in Syria this year, including the capital Damascus.  The Tahrir al-Sham alliance   led by fighters formerly linked to al-Qaeda   has also claimed some of the deadly attacks.  Security agencies are constantly chasing sleeper cells,  the Homs police chief said on Ikhbariya.  Today, it could be a sleeper cell or it could be an infiltration.  Barazi, the governor, said the state s enemies were trying to target stability as  the stage of victory  drew near.  The city of Homs returned to full government control in May for the first time since the onset of Syria s conflict more than six years ago. With the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, the Damascus government has pushed back rebel factions in western Syria, shoring up its rule over the main urban centers. The army and allied forces then marched eastwards against Islamic State militants this year. The United States has voiced concern about Syrian and Russian attacks. The U.S. State Department on Tuesday strongly condemned attacks this week on eastern Ghouta believed to have been carried out by Syrian and Russian jets. The jets struck crowded residential areas in the besieged rebel enclave near Damascus on Sunday, killing at least 27 people, aid workers and a war monitor said.   Deliberate tactics to starve Syrian civilians, including women and children, block humanitarian and medical aid, bomb hospitals, medical personnel and first responders in eastern Ghouta, we consider that to be deeply troubling,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. She urged Russia to live up to its obligations to uphold the de-escalation zone in eastern Ghouta. ",worldnews,"December 5, 2017 ",1
Iran seen as winner after Iraq's Kurds lose referendum gamble,"ERBIL (Reuters) - There are no winners among Iraq s Kurds, just weeks after Kurdish president Masoud Barzani gambled away his people s autonomy in a defiant independence referendum.   The losing bet has come at a steep price for everyone involved.  Barzani has had to give up the presidency, his Kurdish political foes have angered their popular base, and the Kurdish people, who overwhelmingly voted to break away from Iraq, feel further than ever from their lifelong dream of independence.    The ultimate winner, analysts say, is Iran, widely believed to have backed and orchestrated Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in his Oct. 16 offensive to recapture Kurdish held-areas, including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk.   The Iranians outwitted the Americans; they were the driving force behind the deal to hand over Kirkuk,  said Hassan Shaaban, a political commentator and rights activist in Baghdad.   The balance of power has been transformed in the north of Iraq, exposing the limited hand the Kurds have to play in future negotiations. It has also exposed the dominant role Iran played in transforming the fate of the Kurdish region.  Iran is poised to exploit the political aftermath, pushing to move the centre of power from the regional capital Erbil, where the Barzanis and the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) have dominated, to its Kurdish allies in the city of Sulaimaniya.  Iran was always one step ahead on the referendum,  said Renad Mansour, an Iraq expert at the Chatham House think-tank. They knew Barzani was never going to postpone the vote, he said, adding:  The U.S. was left scrambling while the Iranians were plotting.  A senior Iranian official said Tehran had advised Barzani against the referendum but he would not listen.  We tried to stop this referendum because it was not in their interest. But unfortunately Mr Barzani miscalculated his social base among Kurds and went ahead with the vote,  Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran s National Security Council, was quoted as saying by Mehr news agency on Tuesday.   Iranian Major-General Qassem Soleimani has for years been allied to the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), the main rival of Barzani s KDP. But the referendum has drawn the powerful Iranian commander even closer to Kurdish politics, and shown how far Iran s reach has extended beyond the central government in Baghdad.   Ahead of the vote, Soleimani warned Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq to withdraw their forces from Kirkuk or face a  fiery  onslaught by Iraqi forces and Iranian-backed fighters, according to Kurdish and Iraqi officials.   The warning prompted Kurdish Peshmerga fighters to withdraw from most areas, and deepened the split between Barzani s power base in Erbil, and the rival Talabani clan in Sulaimaniya, long allied with Iran.  Iraqi politicians have voiced concern about the growing influence of Iran, despite praising Abadi for reining in Kurdish ambitions.   We feel worried seeing the octopus arms stretching deeper in the north,  said Ahmed Asi al-Obeidi, a Sunni tribal sheikh and a member of Kirkuk s tribal council.   We all have seen the problems Iranian meddling has caused in other parts of Iraq, including mainly Sunni areas, and if the same amount of interference is repeated in Kurdish areas, then the worst is coming and instability will prevail.   Addressing his people, demoralized by humiliating territorial defeats, Barzani said on Sunday that he would step down, just one month after the vote he championed in the face of regional and international opposition.   He accused his enemies of committing  high treason  in surrendering Kirkuk to Iraqi forces without a fight, while his rivals have directed the same accusation against him for holding the referendum in the first place.   The vote and its ensuing political and military retribution from Baghdad - backed by Iran and Turkey - demolished the position of relative strength the Kurds had enjoyed for years.   The blame has been placed on Barzani s shoulders, both by his political opponents, notably the rival Talabani clan allied to Iran, and his Western allies, who were angered by his insistence on holding the vote against their advice.   On Sunday, Kurdish lawmakers agreed to divide Barzani s presidential powers between parliament, the judiciary and the government, in the absence of imminent presidential elections and a named successor.   Barzani remains head of the KDP, which dominates parliament and government, and will still sit on the High Political Council, an opaque non-governmental body which emerged after the referendum. He will thus retain his ability to influence policy.    Barzani could therefore mitigate the mounting political chaos. But his position instead highlights the lack of clarity over who is in charge as crucial negotiations with Baghdad get underway over the region s future.   Dominant since he became president in 2005, Barzani has consolidated the power of his office, and boosted his family members  political profiles.   Before the referendum, Barzani s son Masrour was his likely successor, but he has been damaged by his backing for the vote.   Instead, Nechirvan Barzani, Masoud s nephew and the regional prime minister, has moved to the fore. He has gained some of Barzani s newly devolved presidential powers, and maintained ties with the Kurdish opposition, making him a more palatable candidate to mend regional fences. He also enjoys a close relationship with Turkish president Tayyip Erdogan.   On Monday, the United States commended Barzani for stepping down and said it would  actively  engage with Nechirvan, and his deputy, Qubad Talabani, a member of the rival political faction with whom he maintains a good relationship.  Who emerges as the next leader of the Kurdistan Regional Government is anything but straightforward. In addition to an intra-Kurdish compromise, the influence of Baghdad and Iran will have to be considered.   Senior Kurdish officials from both the KDP and PUK say their best bet is to present a united front in negotiations with Baghdad. But that now seems all but impossible.   Iraqi forces, including the Iran-backed Shi ite militias, now control border crossings in the north, vital trade routes for the Kurds. The military capitulation in Kirkuk was a crushing blow to the Kurds, both morally and financially, halving the region s oil export revenue overnight.    Now the Talabanis are facing their own succession crisis, following the death of former president Jalal Talabani.   Iran saw the disintegration of their Kurdish ally in Talabani,  said Mansour, who added Iran needed a clear successor to ensure its continued influence.   Another set of sons and nephews are vying for leadership in the aftermath of the referendum. But the PUK base has expressed more widespread disappointment with how their leadership handled the Kirkuk crisis.   We were betrayed by our leaders in Kirkuk, who stopped us from fighting the (Iraqi Shi ite) militias,  said a PUK-allied Peshmerga commander who asked not to be identified for fear of retribution.  They sold us to Iran for their own benefit.  For a graphic on Iaq's Kurdish zone, click tmsnrt.rs/2yXRWcI ",worldnews,"October 31, 2017 ",1
"McCain says Russia testing U.S. in Ukraine, urges Trump to hit back","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia is testing President Donald Trump with a surge of violence in eastern Ukraine and the U.S. president should give Ukraine the lethal aid it needs to defend against the attacks, Senator John McCain said in a letter to Trump on Thursday. Renewed violence flared this week between Moscow-backed rebels and Ukraine government forces that has caused the highest casualty rate since mid-December and cut off power and water to thousands of civilians on both sides of the frontline. “That this surge of attacks began the day after he talked with you by phone is a clear indication that Vladimir Putin is moving quickly to test you as commander in chief. America’s response will have lasting consequences,” McCain said in a letter to Trump released by his office. Washington has supplied aid to Ukraine including drones, radar, first-aid kits, night vision and communications gear as part Democratic President Barack Obama’s strategy of providing non-lethal military assistance while focusing on sanctions and diplomacy to end the war. The election of Trump, whose call for better relations with Moscow, has alarmed Kiev as the conflict has remained unresolved. Lawmakers in Washington expressed support for Ukraine on Thursday and called for restraint from Moscow. McCain urged Trump to use his authority under an existing  defense policy law to provide lethal assistance to Ukraine. “Vladimir Putin’s violent campaign to destabilize and dismember the sovereign nation of Ukraine will not stop unless and until he meets a strong and determined response,” McCain wrote. McCain also urged Trump to expand current sanctions against Russia that were put in place after its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014. Democratic Senator Ben Cardin, top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he would work with McCain and other senators to codify the existing sanctions into law. “It is incumbent upon the Senate to clearly express its support for the sovereignty of Ukrainian and solidarity with our close allies in Europe,” he said. Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives, also cautioned the Trump administration on Thursday against easing sanctions on Moscow, saying such a move would be “staggeringly dangerous.” On Wednesday, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called on Russia to use its “considerable influence” with separatist rebels to end the violence, which brought the festering conflict back into focus amid warnings of a looming humanitarian crisis in freezing winter temperatures. ",politicsNews,"February 2, 2017 ",1
WATCH MSNBC “Objective” Host’s Loud Outburst When Latina Guest Says She “Feels At Home” In GOP,Somebody needs to make sure Chris Matthews doesn t miss his meds before the cameras start rolling ,politics,"Oct 30, 2015",0
Human Rights Watch says Saudi-led air strikes in Yemen are war crimes,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Human Rights Watch accused the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen of war crimes on Tuesday, saying its air strikes killed 39 civilians including 26 children in two months.  The rights group said five air strikes hitting four family homes and a grocery store were carried out either deliberately or recklessly, causing indiscriminate loss of civilian lives in violation of the laws of war. The coalition has repeatedly denied allegations of war crimes and says its attacks are directed against its foes in Yemen s armed Houthi movement and not civilians. Yemen has been torn by a civil war in which Yemen s internationally-recognized government, backed by a coalition supported by the United States and Britain, is trying to roll back the Iran-aligned Houthi group which controls most of northern Yemen, including the capital Sanaa.  The Saudi-led coalition s repeated promises to conduct its air strikes lawfully are not sparing Yemeni children from unlawful attacks,  said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch, in a statement.  This underscores the need for the United Nations to immediately return the coalition to its annual  list of shame  for violations against children in armed conflict,  she said. On August 4, coalition aircraft struck a home in Saada, killing nine members of a family, including six children, ages 3 through 12.  On July 3, an air strike killed eight members of the same family in Taiz province, including the wife and 8-year-old daughter, the organization said. HRW said it interviewed nine family members and witnesses to five air strikes that occurred between June 9 and August 4, and did not detect any potential military targets in the vicinity.  The war has killed more than 10,000 people, displaced more than three million and ruined much of the impoverished country s infrastructure. The Saudi-led coalition was formed in 2015 to fight the Houthis and army troops allied with them who have fired missiles into the kingdom. HRW called on United Nations Security Council to launch an international investigation into the abuses at its September session.   On Monday, the U.N. said it has verified 5,144 civilian deaths in the war in Yemen, mainly from air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition, and an international investigation is urgently needed. ",worldnews,"September 12, 2017 ",1
 House Republicans Pave Way For Rampant Corruption Under Trump By Gutting Independent Ethics Panel,"House Republicans just made it clear that they are for sale and intend to put ethics aside during Donald Trump s reign in the White House.On Monday night, Republicans voted 119-74 to cripple the independent Office of Congressional Ethics, which has been an outside watchdog working to root out corruption by members of Congress ever since a string of lobbying scandals rocked Capitol Hill. Under Speaker Nancy Pelosi s leadership, the panel was created as a non-partisan entity and has done a good job.But Republicans are gutting it because the panel has done its job too well so they passed an amendment which basically gives them direct oversight of the panel and the power to kill investigations they don t like. So if the panel is investigating a Republicans, they can kill it and then turn around and allow an investigation against a Democrat.According to CNN,The proposal would bar the panel from reviewing any violation of criminal law by members of Congress, requiring that it turn over any complaint to the House Ethics Committee or refer the matter to an appropriate federal law enforcement agency. The House Ethics Committee would also have the power to stop an investigation at any point and bars the ethics office from making any public statements about any matters or hiring any communications staff.And the ethics office would no longer be able to accept or investigate any anonymous reports of alleged wrongdoing by members of Congress.Republicans claim that the ethics panel abused its power and that it  falsely accused  members of Congress of committing ethics violations. These members allegedly had to  spend a fortune  to defend themselves. Frankly, it sounds like Republicans are just mad because they got caught putting their hand in the cookie jar and they are attacking the panel to make sure they can t be caught again.By gutting the independent panel and placing it under their supervision, Republicans just paved the way for their members to commit crimes at will. They could a take a bribe from a lobbyist and then vote to kill any investigation that arises. It will create a free-for-all for lobbyists at a time when Republicans intend to consider infrastructure spending, tax cuts, and massive defense spending.This especially concerns Norman Eisen and Richard Painter, who served as ethics attorneys under President Obama and President Bush, because the 115th Congress  is setting itself up to be dogged by scandals and ethics issues for years and is returning the House to dark days when ethics violations were rampant and far too often tolerated. So not only will the White House be corrupt under Donald Trump, Republicans just guaranteed that the House of Representatives is going to be corrupt as well, proving once again that Republicans only care about using government to enrich themselves instead of helping the American people.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",News,"January 2, 2017",0
Senate Budget Committee approves Mulvaney as budget director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Budget Committee on Thursday voted to confirm Republican Congressman Mick Mulvaney as White House budget director under President Donald Trump. Senators narrowly approved Trump’s nominee along party lines in a 12-11 vote. Democrats criticized him for hard line fiscal positions on popular social programs and for failing to pay more than $15,000 in taxes in relation to a household employee until after he was nominated. His nomination will now move to the Senate floor for a full confirmation vote.  Mulvaney, a South Carolina Republican and a leading member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, favors raising the Social Security retirement age to 70 and means-testing beneficiaries of the Medicare healthcare program. Budget committee Chairman Mike Enzi, a Wyoming Republican, told the panel Mulvaney is “uniquely qualified” to be budget director: “He is a proven budget hawk that’s been vocal about our need to rein in government spending and debt.”      But the nominee came under fire from Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who ran for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.  The Vermont lawmaker warned that Mulvaney’s positions on Social Security and Medicare contradict Trump’s campaign statements to leave the programs untouched. Sanders also said his failure to pay taxes for a nanny he employed from 2000 to 2004 should disqualify him as a nominee.   Sanders and fellow independent Angus King of Maine voted with the committee’s nine Democrats to oppose Mulvaney. ",politicsNews,"February 2, 2017 ",1
Twitter to meet Congressional panel probing 2016 election,"(Reuters) - Twitter Inc representatives will meet with the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff next week in relation to inquiries into the 2016 U.S. presidential election, a company representative said. The committee, along with other congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller, is investigating possible links between President Donald Trump’s campaign and Russia. Twitter’s meeting with the committee comes amid mounting pressure on regulators and Silicon Valley companies to open up the opaque world of online political ads and to prevent governments from using them to sway elections or attempt other meddling. Facebook said earlier this month that a Russia-based operation spent $100,000 on thousands of ads on its social media platform promoting ‘divisive’ messages before and after last year’s presidential election. After Facebook’s revelations, Democrats have urged the Federal Election Commission to require transparency for social media advertising. Russia continues to deny meddling in the election, in which Republican Donald Trump defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton. ",politicsNews,"September 21, 2017 ",1
Clinton far ahead in Electoral College race: Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton maintained her commanding lead in the race to win the Electoral College and claim the U.S. presidency, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project results released on Saturday. In the last week, there has been little movement. Clinton leads Donald Trump in most of the states that Trump would need should he have a chance to win the minimum 270 votes needed to win. According to the project, she has a better than 95 percent chance of winning, if the election was held this week. The mostly likely outcome would be 326 votes for Clinton to 212 for Trump. Trump came off his best debate performance of the campaign Wednesday evening but the polling consensus still showed Clinton winning the third and final face-off on prime-time TV. Trump disputes those findings. And some national polls had the race tightening a wee bit this week though others had Clinton maintaining her solid lead. But the project illustrates that the broader picture remains bleak for Trump with 17 days to go until the Nov. 8 election.  Trump did gain ground in South Carolina where his slim lead last week expanded to seven points, moving it into his column from a toss-up. Unfortunately for him, he lost ground in Arizona, which is now too close to call. Additionally, he is facing a challenge for Utah’s six Electoral College votes from former CIA operative and Utah native Evan McMullin. The independent candidate is siphoning votes away from Trump in a state that is Republican as any in the nation. In some polls, McMullin is even leading. (The States of the Nation is not polling on McMullin.) Utah, like almost all of the states, is a winner-take-all contest. Clinton has also maintained a lead in Florida and Pennsylvania, which have a combined 49 Electoral College votes. Ohio remains too close to call. According to the project, lower voter turnout generally benefits Trump but his best hope for success is if Republican turnout surges and Democratic turnout is low. To examine these results and other scenarios, go to the States of the Nation project here . ",politicsNews,"October 22, 2016 ",1
Odebrecht says dealings with Peru president were legitimate,"LIMA (Reuters) - Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] said Saturday that its recently-disclosed business ties to embattled Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski were not part of the corrupt deals it struck with politicians that it has acknowledged to prosecutors. The assertion might strengthen Kuczynski s bid to survive a vote to remove him from office on Thursday in the opposition-ruled Congress over allegations he took bribes from Odebrecht, which is at the center of Latin America s biggest graft scandal. Earlier this week, Odebrecht sent Congress a requested report detailing deposits totaling $4.8 million that it paid to two companies owned by Kuczynski or a close business associate of his for financial and advising services. Kuczynski, who previously denied any links to the company, has resisted calls to resign over the transactions and said there was nothing improper about them. Odebrecht denied accusations by an influential journalist with the newspaper La Republica that the disclosure was an attempt to overthrow Kuczynski in collusion with the right-wing opposition. It was able to disclose the transactions because there was no sign they were part of any of its past criminal activities, which it can only discuss with public prosecutors, Odebrecht said.  They were duly paid and officially accounted for,  Odebrecht said in a letter to La Republica that it made public on Twitter on Saturday.  Odebrecht is obligated by law to send requested information to relevant authorities,  including an investigative committee in Congress, the company said. Odebrecht has rocked Latin American politics with its public confession a year ago that it orchestrated sophisticated kickback schemes across a dozen countries for more than a decade - landing elites in jail from Colombia to the Dominican Republic. Late on Friday, lawmakers passed a motion to start  presidential vacancy  procedures with enough votes to unseat Kuczynski in a vote it scheduled for Thursday. The center-right president s supporters cited Odebrecht s letter to La Republica to argue that his only fault was misleading Peru about his connections to Odebrecht. If Kuczynski is ousted by Congress, he would lose his presidential immunity from prosecution and First Vice President Martin Vizcarra would be authorized to replace him for the rest of his term ending in 2021. Two former presidents in Peru, Ollanta Humala and Alejandro Toledo, have been ensnared in the Odebrecht probe over alleged payments they deny. Humala was jailed in July pending trial and authorities hope to extradite Toledo from the United States.    ",worldnews,"December 16, 2017 ",1
" This 19-Year-Old From Flint DESTROYS Trump, Calls For Him To End Campaign","Everyone has had it with the Donald Trump campaign. One person, in particular, has decided that enough is enough   a 19-year-old named Cameron Edwards from Flint, Michigan. Edwards wrote a letter to Trump calling for him to end his campaign.In the letter, Edward writes that he did not view Trump s campaign as a joke like most people did. Edwards writes in the letter: Mr. Trump, when you first announced your bid to be Commander and Chief of this nation, the american people immediately dismissed your campaign as a complete joke, but not me. I genuinely believed that the people should take the time to listen to your campaign, I told others that it s possible that you may have something to offer, but in reality, I was very wrong. At that point, Edwards goes on to list some of the things that Trump has become known for over the past few months in the election. This includes the endorsement that Trump received from former KKK leader, David Duke. Trump s non-stop scapegoating of Muslims, immigrants, and people of color.Those, however, are criticisms anyone can make. Edwards, on the other hand, has a very good question that Trump would hate to answer. What exactly is so great that Trump is offering? Which is exactly what every Trump supporter should be asked. Why would Trump s America be great for a young black man living in Flint? Do you not see the message that you are sending to us? Why would someone like me even be interested in your America? Can you even give me ONE real reason why I should believe that I have an actual shot as a black teenager in your America? As far as I know, you haven t done anything to reach out to OBVIOUSLY concerned communities like mine. Please remember, I am a Flint resident, and like other members of this community, we are wondering why you and other republicans alike haven t reached out to us. The U.S. is a mosaic of people. Trump s America might be great for you if you are well of financially and are white (it still probably won t be, though). For everyone else, it would be a disaster. Every WASP supporter that Trump has to have at least one person in their life that would fall into the everyone else category.Edwards ends his blistering letter to Trump calling for him to end his campaign. Edwards writes: Mr. Trump, it is obvious that you are not interested in uniting this nation, and with the growing threat of violence within your campaign, I believe as a moral adult, that you MUST end your campaign to prevent people from getting hurt any further. It is simply the right thing to do. Outside of a few grammatical errors, there is only one major problem with Edwards letter. A reader pointed out the mistake immediately:The full letter is embedded below.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Dear Donald J. Trump My name is Cameron, I am a 19 year old, Flint, Michigan resident, and today, I would like to Posted by Cameron Edwards on Monday, March 14, 2016Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr with screenshot added",News,"March 18, 2016",0
 Trump Just Got Ripped APART After Demanding Clinton Apologize For Fake Thing She Didn’t Do (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s desperation to talk about something   anything   that doesn t involve Russia has caused him to lose what was left of his mind, apparently.On Monday morning, The Donald s descent into madness continued as he lashed out at Hillary Clinton. Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate?  Trump tweeted.  Just asking! Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017Clinton has not, in fact, apologized for receiving the  answers  (he means questions) for a debate, but she has a good reason   it didn t happen.Trump s claim comes from a fake news story in the Baltimore Gazette, a fake news source.The first presidential debate was held and Hillary Clinton was proclaimed the winner by the media. Indeed Clinton was able to turn in a strong debate performance, but did she do so fairly? Multiple reports and leaked information from inside the Clinton camp claim that the Clinton campaign was given the entire set of debate questions an entire week before the actual debate.Earlier last week an NBC intern was seen hand delivering a package to Clinton s campaign headquarters, according to multiple sources. The package was not given to secretarial staff, as would normally happen, but the intern was instead ushered into the personal office of Clinton campaign manager Robert Mook. Members of the Clinton press corps from several media organizations were in attendance at the time, and a reporter from Fox News recognized the intern, but said he was initially confused because the NBC intern was dressed like a Fed Ex employee.Even though the story is a lie, right-wing websites, Russian trolls, and everyone who hates Hillary Clinton jumped on the opportunity to accuse the former Secretary of State of cheating.He then pushed his insane allegation that President Obama put a  tapp  on his  wires  at Trump Tower..@FoxNews from multiple sources: ""There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented."" @FBI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017Naturally, the Internet was not kind to Mr. 45 after his latest outburst:@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize for birtherism? Just asking!  Mike Denison (@mikd33) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh Jesus, you're on a roll today! You're still trying to deflect from your wrongdoings by talking about Clinton   how sad.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize for grabbing women by the pussy?  Deren Ney (@DerenNey) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Apparently, your performance was stronger from all of the sniffling and interrupting with ""wrong!"" when indisputable facts were presented.  Paul Campbell Haider (@Paulhaider74) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Have you apologized for your daily lying & your obvious colluding with the Russians ? Just asking?  DangerGirl (@DangerGirl6) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize for making fun of disabled? For discriminating against tenants? For inciting violence at rallies?  Natasha Vo (@tashvo) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize to that Vet who gave you his purple heart & you told him being given one was much easier than earning? Just asking!  Amy (@SeattleHypno) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize to the people you fleeced with your fake University? Just asking!  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize to the women you assaulted? Just asking!  Bonfire (@aggiebonfire) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Have you ever apologized for being a traitor?  Turd (@Turdtastic) April 3, 2017At this point, Trump s attempts to distract from his very real Russia scandal are pathetic   and we can only expect them to become more unhinged as he backs himself further into a corner.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",News,"April 3, 2017",0
Nazareth Christmas celebrations will be held as normal: mayor,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Nazareth, the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised, will celebrate Christmas as usual, its mayor said, denying the festivities would be curtailed in protest at the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. On Wednesday, a city spokesman said there would be some cuts to the celebrations to protest against President Donald Trump s decision on Jerusalem that angered Palestinians as well as U.S. allies in the Middle East and the rest of the world. Mayor Ali Salam told Reuters on Saturday that three singers who had been due to perform would not appear. He gave no reason for their absence, but said that the celebrations would proceed as normal.  I don t know why people thought that there would be cuts to the celebrations. Everything, except for three singers who will not be coming, will be held as normal. We have already welcomed 60,000 people to the city today,  Salam said. Nazareth, the largest Arab town in Israel with a population of 76,000 Muslims and Christians, is one of the Holy Land s focal points of Christmas festivities which begin officially on Saturday evening. Nazareth s imposing Basilica of the Annunciation is built on a site that many Christian faithful believe was the childhood home of Jesus  mother, Mary. ",worldnews,"December 16, 2017 ",1
"Trump foreign policies could hurt, help his business empire","LONDON (Reuters) - Any moves by Donald Trump to ban Muslims from entering the United States or bring back waterboarding to interrogate suspects could have repercussions for some of his sprawling foreign business interests — from his golf course in Scotland to luxury resorts in Indonesia. A review of press releases published on the Trump Organization website shows that 15 of 25 new acquisitions or joint ventures announced over the past five years were overseas. These include the purchase of golf courses in Ireland and Scotland and deals to license his name to developers and manufacturers in Dubai, Indonesia, India, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Mexico and Panama. The deals underscore the potential conflicts of interest Trump will face after he is sworn in as president on Jan. 20 and his vulnerability to criticism that he is open to foreign influence. Foreign governments could potentially seek to exploit Trump’s business interests to affect his decision making, or to punish him through his pocket book for decisions they object to. Trump’s transition team declined to comment for this story. In the 16 months to May, Trump earned up to $23 million from licensing his name to developers in emerging markets, according to a filing with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. “The licensing deals are the best of all because there’s no risk,” Trump told Reuters in an interview in June. “I have 121 deals right now, going forward, right now, 121, all over the world, in China, in Indonesia,” he added. (Trump's foreign business interests: tmsnrt.rs/2gakiTQ) Trump has said he will hand control of his company to his children.  However, when he met with his Indian business partners last week it prompted a chorus of criticism that the wall between Trump and his company was still too porous. The Trump Organization has said a business structure will be set up that complies with “all applicable rules and regulations.” Trump has yet to commit to setting up a blind trust that would formally sever his ties with his business.  “I’m very confident he’s not breaking any laws,” Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Trump, told reporters at Trump Tower in New York on Monday. Trump could face a backlash against his business interests in Middle Eastern and Asian markets if he follows through with his campaign promise to ban Muslims from entering the United States, and continues to be open to restoring waterboarding - a form of interrogation widely viewed as torture - or creating a national registry for Muslims, analysts said. “If the Muslim registry is introduced, he will have serious issues finding Muslim local partners,” said Professor Koen Pauwels, a marketing specialist at Ozyegin University, Istanbul. There would be a “backlash” if Trump substantially tightens visa restrictions on Muslim visitors, Pauwels added. In December 2015, Trump’s anti-Muslim comments cost him business in the Middle East when a major chain of department stores halted sales of his glitzy “Trump Home” line of lamps, mirrors and jewelry boxes in the region. Trump has long identified the Middle East as a major growth market, and his company is working with Dubai-based real estate giant DAMAC Properties to build two golf clubs - including one with a course designed by Tiger Woods - and a gated island community outside the city.  His daughter Ivanka said last year the organization was in talks on deals in Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Trump has a licensing deal with a developer for a Trump-branded retail complex in Istanbul. He also has signed deals in Indonesia, the world’s most populous Muslim country, to put his name on a redeveloped luxury golf resort in Java and a luxury cliff-top hotel and residential development in Bali. And it is not just in the Middle East that Trump could face repercussions for any foreign policy decisions. Trump’s $1.5 billion billion-pound golf and residential project north of Aberdeen in Scotland could also be affected, warned councilor Isobel Davidson, who sits on the panel responsible for approving planning applications for the project. If Trump proceeds with any anti-Muslim proposal, it could make it harder for him to advance his development, she said. “Councilors are not supposed to take the character of the applicant into consideration when we are making a planning decision but sometimes it’s quite hard not to,” she said. Analysts said they saw more potential upside for Trump’s business from his election than downside. Very simply, people would want to be associated with the personal brand of the U.S. president. “It will have a boost because he has become more famous that he was before,” said Professor Chiranjib Sen, Azim Premji University in India’s Bangalore. One test case could be China, which the Trump Organization has identified as a “top priority among high-potential emerging markets,” according to a 2013 press release. On the campaign trail, Trump threatened to label China a currency manipulator and impose import tariffs on Chinese imports.  Suisheng Zhao, a China expert at the University of Denver, said if Trump did impose tariffs and more robustly challenged China’s interests in the South China Sea, Beijing could tell Chinese businesses to abandon any talks or deals with the Trump Organization. Trump-branded property could also present a target for bombings or other kinds of attacks, said Professor Peter Neumann, of the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence at King’s College London. “From a terrorist’s perspective, it’s a very attractive target,” he said. What Trump does not do could also affect his foreign business interests.  Mehmet Ugur, Professor of Economics and Institutions, at the University of Greenwich Business School, said that Trump’s businesses could benefit if he takes a softer line on countries accused of human rights violations.  Countries such as Turkey, China and Indonesia would “be more than happy to welcome Trump Organization,” he said. ",politicsNews,"November 22, 2016 ",1
WHAT THESE YOUNG ILLEGAL ‘DREAMERS’ Do To Trump Supporters Will Make Your Blood Boil [Video],"What kind of monsters teach their children to behave like this? Young illegal  dreamers  and their parents flip off Trump supporters while yelling expletives you would expect to hear in a prison, and not from young boys who look to be between the ages of 8 and 12. Wearing sombreros and ironically holding signs reading  No hate,  screamed  F*ck you!  These vulgar children give us a little insight into the flagrant disrespect the illegal alien community has for the rule of law in our nation. The Mexican flags add a special touch, reminding us of where these protesters true loyalties lie.One of the most vulgar children in the center of the action could be seen wearing a Bernie Sanders sticker.Hillary Clinton campaign signs could also be seen in the crowd.One sign reads  F*ck You Puto. Puto  means  male prostitute  in Spanish.Obama s America  ",politics,"May 2, 2016",0
U.S. takes North Korea nuclear threats seriously: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Monday the United States took North Korean threats to use nuclear weapons seriously and urged Pyongyang to halt its provocations, including testing nuclear devices and long-range rockets. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ordered his country last week to be prepared to use nuclear weapons at any time and to be ready to carry out a pre-emptive attack, state media reported. His comments came as U.S. and South Korean forces conducted annual military exercises amid heightened tensions on the peninsula following the North’s recent nuclear and missile tests, which prompted the United Nations to impose new sanctions on Pyongyang. “We certainly do take those kinds of threats seriously ... and again call on Pyongyang to cease with the provocative rhetoric, cease with the threats and quite frankly, more critically, cease with the provocative behavior, the actual conduct, that has led to yet another round of international sanctions,” State Department spokesman John Kirby said. ",politicsNews,"March 7, 2016 ",1
DIAMOND AND SILK Give It To “Underhanded” Meryl Streep [Video],".@DiamondandSilk wasn t pleased by the underhanded way that @MerylStreepPage used her platform, @goldenglobes, to insult @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/zVjDw9rah6  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) January 9, 2017",left-news,"Jan 9, 2017",0
TUCKER CARLSON Demolishes Business Owner Who Won’t Do Business With Trump Supporters [Video], ,politics,"Nov 24, 2016",0
" Trump Spokeswoman Slips Up, Says Trump’s Immigration Plan Won’t Work (VIDEO)","We are all getting whiplash from Donald Trump s constant flip-flopping on his immigration policy over the last few weeks. Trump had been touting one of the most racist, heartless and problematic solutions to immigration throughout his entire campaign until just a few weeks ago, when he suddenly walked it back and softened his position. That decision confused everyone   and especially angered his equally racist supporters   and Trump has been stuck in a vicious back-and-forth pattern ever since.Last week, Trump said all undocumented immigrants in the U.S. must leave and then get in line to come back to America. This week, he made another  pivot  in his immigration policy, stating that he hasn t ruled out giving some immigrants a path to legalization. When spokesperson Katrina Pierson went on CNN to try to clear things up, it became apparent that everyone in the Trump campaign is confused now.In trying to defend her boss, a struggling Pierson said that it would be impossible for Trump to deport all the undocumented immigrants in America because there could be 2-3 times more immigrants than what the estimates say. Using the usual imaginary statistics that the Trump campaign has become infamous for, she said: We are continuously hearing that there s not 11 million [undocumented immigrants], there could be 20 million, there could be 30 million. This is important because Mr. Trump can t promise to deport every single illegal alien in the country if there s 30 million. While she was speaking, the host noticed that Pierson was absolutely lost and said,  We understand that it s complicated    which only infuriated Pierson and made her raise her voice. But as hard as she tried, Pierson couldn t give any solid reasoning for why Trump s ever-changing policy could work, because the truth is that it won t. The only thing that was cleared up in this interview was the fact that not even Trump s own campaign can keep up with his policy changes.Watch Pierson stumble through this interview below:.@KatrinaPierson on Trump s changing immigration stance: He said from beginning he d be  a negotiator in Congress  https://t.co/G4qVqhxleN  New Day (@NewDay) September 6, 2016Featured image is a screenshot",News,"September 6, 2016",0
Polish president signs judicial overhaul bills into law,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish President Andrzej Duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary, he said on Wednesday, in defiance of European Union criticism that the legislation undermines the rule of law in central Europe s largest economy.  I have taken a decision to sign these bills,  Duda said in a statement broadcast on public television. Earlier on Wednesday, the EU executive launched an unprecedented action against Poland over its reforms of the judicial system. ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
RUSH TO FINISH: OBAMA SLAPS $5 BILLION In Regulations On America Before Exit,"Clyde Wayne Crews of the Competitive Enterprise Institute warns that Obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. With the amount of time left in the year, the current pace of rule passage could bring many thousands of more pages. This is astonishing and should be of great concern, and intolerable, to policymakers.  Said Wayne Crews.  It is remarkable enough that the all-time record has been passed before Thanksgiving.  Read more: ZH This is either the beginning of a midnight uptick in regulation or an otherwise busy week for federal regulators,  Sam Batkins, the director of regulatory policy at the right-leaning American Action Forum, wrote in a report.Batkins, an expert on federal regulations, found federal agencies finalized 19 new regulations last week totaling $2.4 billion in costs, but only $623 million in benefits. Batkins also pointed to another two recently-finalized rules costing businesses $2.3 billion.The White House is increasing the number of rules it pushes out every week as federal agencies rush to finish regulations before President Barack Obama leaves office in January. The Obama administration s latest Unified Agenda had 1,019 final rules ready to be put on the books.Read more: Daily Caller",Government News,"Nov 21, 2016",0
 Trump Tries To MANIPULATE Nevada Vote And Gets Shut Down HARD,"Trump is panicking to the point where he s not sleeping and he even tried to hold five rallies across half the country on Sunday (and failed miserably). He s panicking so much that he filed what s possibly the most frivolous election lawsuit ever against Clark County for violating Nevada election law by allowing a polling place in a market in Vegas to stay open until the line was gone.Nevada law allows anyone who was in line at the time the polls close to still vote, and when lines are exceptionally long, that means polling places stay open late. Trump tried to claim that the Cardenas market, which was serving primarily Latino voters, was allowing people to get in line after the 8 p.m. close.He also wanted records from that particular polling place, information about specific poll workers, and for ballots to be kept away from machines that were supposedly problematic.And he got shot down. Royally. District Judge Gloria Sturman not only rejected all his requests, but she voiced concern that revealing that information could put poll workers in danger: Have you watched Twitter? Do you watch any cable news shows? People can get information and harass them. She also said: Why would I order [election officials] to make available to you information about people who work at polls when its not already a public requirement to do so. So that those people can be harassed for doing their civic duty?I m just puzzled how you think you will use this evidence anyway. And she said she couldn t force the election judges to do what they were already doing by law, which is keeping records and preserving ballots.Trump was playing innocent about this, saying at the time he filed that complaint: We have to keep the system honest. Oh please. He wouldn t know what honest was if it smacked him upside the head. This was probably one of the more dishonest things he s done since voting started, and it was likely with a goal of invalidating the votes of Latinos who were probably voting for Hillary Clinton. Whether that could actually happen or not, that was probably the goal.On Trump s warped planet, doing something about those votes could have given him an edge (in reality, probably not, but we re not talking reality here).Tonight s impending drubbing must really be terrifying him to pull something like this.Featured image by Scott Eisen via Getty Images",News,"November 8, 2016",0
Assange says WikiLeaks not trying to influence U.S. election,"LISBON (Reuters) - Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said on Tuesday the group’s publication of material linked to Hillary Clinton was not based on any desire to influence the U.S. election. “In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself,” Assange said in a statement released by his legal adviser at the Web Summit, a tech conference in Lisbon. “This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election.” WikiLeaks has in the past few months published thousands of emails hacked from John Podesta, Democrat candidate Clinton’s campaign manager.  Assange said Wikileaks had obtained no inside information about Republican candidate Donald Trump. “We cannot publish what we do not have,” he said. “We are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us,” Assange said. “No-one disputes the public importance of these publications,” he added. “It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election.” Assange said WikiLeaks would continue to publish sensitive information regardless of who wins the U.S. election. “The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers,” he said. Assange has been living in Ecuador’s London embassy since mid-2012. A few weeks ago Ecuador’s government acknowledged it had restricted his Internet access, arousing speculation it had been pressured by the United States because of the Clinton material. ",politicsNews,"November 8, 2016 ",1
Kerry says it's inappropriate for Trump to step into German politics,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Monday it was “inappropriate” for Donald Trump to brand German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s refugee policy “a catastrophic mistake”. “I thought frankly it was inappropriate for a president-elect of the United States to be stepping into the politics of other countries in a quite direct manner,” Kerry told CNN’s Christiane Amanpour during a one-day visit to London in the last week of the Obama administration. “He will have to speak to that. As of Friday, he is responsible for that relationship.” Trump, who will be sworn in as president on Friday, had said in a joint interview with Bild newspaper and the Times of London that he respected Merkel, but criticized her stance on refugees, which allowed a wave of more than 1 million refugees into Germany. Merkel faces a tough re-election battle in September. “I think we have to be very careful about suggesting that one’s strongest leaders in Europe, and most important players with respect to where we are heading, made one mistake or another. I don’t think it’s appropriate for us to be commenting on that,” Kerry said. He rejected Trump’s description of Merkel’s refugee policy as “catastrophic”. “I think she was extremely courageous. I don’t think it amounts to that characterization,” Kerry said. “It has had some problems, but everybody has had some problems with this challenge of how to respond as a big nation, a great nation, as the West, where our values, our principles are important with respect to caring for people who are in distress,” he added. The United States has admitted far fewer Syrian refugees than some allies, such as Germany. Trump has said violent militants could enter the country posing as refugees.    The CNN interview came a day after Kerry attended a one-day conference of 70 nations in Paris on Israeli-Palestinian peace. The conference reaffirmed that only a two-state solution could resolve the conflict and warned against unilateral steps by either side that could prejudge negotiations. Trump has said resolving the conflict will be a priority of his administration and suggested that his son-in-law Jared Kushner could help broker a peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians. Kerry, who tried for nine months to forge an agreement between the two sides, welcomed Trump’s efforts but pushed back at a suggestion that the Obama administration was to blame for the failure to clinch a deal. “No, no, the leaders of the two countries involved ... have failed to come to the table to reach an agreement. You can lead a horse to water, you can’t make it drink, and we did a lot of leading to a lot of water.” ",politicsNews,"January 16, 2017 ",1
 40 Ted Cruz Quotes That Prove He Would Be The Worst President Of All Time,"Ted Cruz is one of the most extreme individuals to ever run for the presidency. As such he has left a trail of quotes that should be held against him as his 2016 campaign continues.His campaign has primarily focused on religion in an effort to attract the support of conservative  Christians,  much like Rick Santorum did in 2012.And just like Rick Santorum, Cruz has also made his fair share of statements on topics such as the environment, science, foreign policy, and women s rights among others based on his fanatical religious views that completely disqualify him as a viable occupant of the White House.Here are 40 of them.1.  I am saddened to see that some here, not everyone, but some here, are so consumed with hate  If you will not stand with Israel and the Jews, then I will not stand with you. ~Ted Cruz trashing his Muslim-American audience, who promptly booed him, September 20142.  It is now or never. I don t think we ve reached the point of no return yet. But we re close. We are close! And I believe if we go four or eight more years on this same path, we risk losing the greatest country in the history of the world. Millions of Americans are realizing this isn t working. The Obama economy is a disaster. Obamacare is a train wreck. And the Obama-Clinton foreign policy of leading from behind   the whole world is on fire. ~Ted Cruz before scaring a little girl with same ending line as if the apocalypse is upon us, March 2015 3.  You always have to be worried about something that is considered a so-called scientific theory that fits every scenario. Climate change, as they have defined it, can never be disproved, because whether it gets hotter or whether it gets colder, whatever happens, they ll say, well, it s changing, so it proves our theory. ~Ted Cruz bashing science and denying the reality of climate change, January 20154.  I think it s an enormous blessing to be the child of an immigrant who fled oppression, because you realize how fragile liberty is and how easily it can be taken away. ~Ted Cruz being a hypocrite on immigrants, June 20115.  No man who doesn t begin every day on his knees is fit to stand in the Oval Office. ~Ted Cruz saying atheists should are unqualified to be president, August 20156.  Let me say something to the school-aged kids here. When Heidi s first lady, French fries are coming back to the cafeteria  The last I checked the cardboard was supposed to be on the tray and not in the food! ~Ted Cruz tries to pander to kids by promising them unhealthy food for lunch, January 20167.  If I am elected president, we will repeal every word of Obamacare. Now, once that is done, everyone agrees we need health care reform. It should follow the principles of expanding competition, empowering patients, and keeping government from getting between us and our doctors. Three specific reforms that reflect those principles: Number 1, we should allow people to purchase health insurance across state lines. That ll create a true 50-state national marketplace while will drive down the cost of low-cost catastropic health insurance. Number 2, we should expand health savings accounts so people can save in a tax-advantaged way for more routine health care needs. And Number 3, we should work to delink health insurance from employment, so if you lose your job, your health insurance goes with you, and it is personal, portable, and affordable, and I tell you, Bret I think that s a much more attractive vision for health care than the Washington-driven, top-down Obamacare that is causing so many millions to hurt. ~Ted Cruz stating that only the rich and healthy will have health insurance if he is president, January 20168.  Listen on the question of tithing, all of us are on a faith journey, and I will readily admit that I have not been as faithful in this aspect of my walk as I should have been. That article focuses on ten years ago. We don t have the ability to go back and change what occurred ten years ago when Heidi and I were newly married and we d just started a family. But at the end of the day, being a Christian is not about holding yourself out as righteous. It s about beginning with the understanding that we are flawed sinners and we are saved not by deeds but by Christ s redemption. I am grateful that God is a patient and forgiving God and this area, as in many areas of my life I am working to do a better job walking in my faith. ~Ted Cruz lying to a Christian reporter about how much he tithes, January 20169.  Well my aspiration is to, uh, oh I don t know, be in a teen tit film like that guy who played Horatio. You know he was in Malibu Bikini Beach Shop. Well, other than that, take over the world, world domination, you know, rule everything. Rich, powerful, that sort of stuff. ~Ted Cruz admitting at the age of 18 that he wants to achieve world domination in a video released in January 201610.  I ll tell you, you know who one of those millions of Americans is who s lost their health care because of Obamacare? That would be me. I don t have health care right now. ~Ted Cruz lies about not having health insurance and blames President Obama for it, January 201611.  JFK campaigned on tax cuts, limiting government and standing up and defeating Soviet communists. JFK would be a Republican today. He stood for religious liberty, and he would be tarred and feathered by the modern Democratic Party. ~Ted Cruz claiming JFK would be in the GOP today only to then be smacked down by JFK s grandson, January 201612.  I believe in the death penalty. ~Ted Cruz in his book as dug up by the New York Times in January 201613.  We will carpet-bomb them into oblivion. I don t know if sand can glow in the dark, but we re going to find out! ~Ted Cruz stating his willingness to kill everyone and everything in the Middle East to beat ISIS even though carpet bombing is a war crime, December 201514.  If you re a DACA recipient, you were brought here illegally, and violating the law has consequences. One of the problems of our broken immigration system is that it is creating human tragedies and there are human tragedies when people break the law. ~Ted Cruz tells a woman to her face that he will deport her and her family if elected president, January 201615.  What happened in Benghazi is a national disgrace. Four Americans were murdered. We lost the first ambassador in the line of duty since the Carter administration. The immediate response of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and the entire administration was to engage in deception, obstruction and cover up. They began by falsely blaming it on some ridiculous internet video, but even before that was the question that everyone should ask is why was security not there in the first place when the ambassador said over and over again, keep us safe. We do know Hillary told her daughter Chelsea, well gosh, I knew it was a terrorist attack, while we were out telling the American people it wasn t. You know I ll tell you, in my house, if my daughter Catherine, the five-year-old, says something she knows to be false, she gets a spanking. ~Ted Cruz lies about Benghazi before saying he wants to physically discipline Hillary Clinton for it, January 201616.  I want to tell everyone to get ready, strap on the full armor of God, get ready for the attacks that are coming. ~Ted Cruz tells his fanatical supporters to get ready to do battle on his behalf, January 201617.  We ve seen six and a half years of President Obama leading from behind. Weakness is provocative, and this Iranian nuclear deal is nothing short of catastrophic. This deal, on its face, will send over $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei, making the Obama administration the world s leading financier of radical Islamic terrorism You d better believe it. If I am elected president, on the very first day in office, I will rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. ~Ted Cruz vows not to honor the Iran nuclear deal, favoring war instead, September 201518.  The next president should announce that America is moving its embassy to Jerusalem. For decades political candidates, Republicans and Democrats, have talked about doing so. Enough talk! We need a leader who will act and respect the eternal capital of Israel. ~Ted Cruz says he would inflame tensions in the Middle East and basically start World War III for Israel, June 201519.  Listen, absolutely, yes. I think the first obligation of everyone in public office is to protect life. Life is foundational. In fact, as you look at the Declaration, that ordering of unalienable rights   life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness   I think is a very deliberate ordering. I very much agree with the pope s longstanding, and the prior popes  before him, longstanding call to protect every human life from the moment of conception to the moment of natural death. And, this notion that we just continue to ignore the personhood of the individual is a violation of that unborn child s Fifth and 14th Amendment rights for due process and equal protection under the law. ~Ted Cruz misreading the Constitution and declaring his intention to outlaw abortion despite Roe v. Wade, December 201520.  The simple and undeniable fact is the overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats. ~Ted Cruz says 43 percent of the American people are violent criminals, November 201521.  There is no doubt that millions of people are suffering from the rise of radical Islamic terrorists. Christians are suffering, Jews are suffering and other Muslims are suffering  What I m saying is Syrian Muslim refugees should be resettled in the Middle East, in majority Muslim countries. ~Ted Cruz says only Christians should be allowed to enter the United States, November 201522.  There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror. If there were a group of radical Christians pledging to murder anyone who had a different religious view than they, we would have a different national security situation. But it is precisely the Obama administration s unwillingness to recognize that or ask those questions that makes them so unable to fight this enemy. Because they pretend as if there is no religious aspect to this. ~Ted Cruz falsely claiming that Christians do not commit acts of terrorism, November 201623.  Climate change is not science, it s religion. ~Ted Cruz claims climate science is a religious view, October 201524.  It s wrong for Barack Obama to threaten to shut down the government over the issue. Under no circumstances should we spend $500 million   funding Planned Parenthood, which appears to be a criminal enterprise. ~Ted Cruz attacks Planned Parenthood and blames President Obama for wanting a government shutdown when he s the one really trying to shut it down again, September 201525.  I stand with Kim Davis. ~Ted Cruz declaring his support of a religious anti-gay bigot, September 201526.  Nothing is more important in the next 18 months than that the body of Christ rise up and that Christians stand up, that pastors stand up and lead. In this last election, 54 million evangelical Christians stayed home   If we can simply bring Christians to the polls   is it any wonder we have the government we have, we have the leaders we have if believers stay home and leave electing our leaders to unbelievers. We get exactly what we deserve and nothing is more important than having people of faith stand up and just vote our values, vote biblical values and that s how we turn the country around. ~Ted Cruz openly planning to turn America into a Christian-ruled tyranny, August 201527.  Following the tragic shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, President Obama and Harry Reid lead an assault, not on going after violent criminals, which is what they should have done, but instead going after the Constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens. And I led the fight to protect the Second Amendment in the U.S. Senate and we defeated President Obama efforts to undermine our rights. ~Ted Cruz bragging about ignoring the mass killing of 20 little kids to oppose gun control measures, August 201528.  We need a Commander-in-Chief that speaks the truth. We will not defeat radical Islamic terrorism so long as we have a president unwilling to utter the words  radical Islamic terrorism.  What we need is a Commander-in-Chief who makes clear: If you join ISIS, if you wage Jihad on America, then you are signing your death warrant. ~Ted Cruz thinks merely shouting  radical Islam  will defeat ISIS, August 201529.  Our single vote in opposition is just and the abstentions of our friends are welcome, but at this point they are meaningless gestures. It is time to stop ceding moral authority to the UNHRC and tell the truth about this hopelessly biased and anti-Semitic institution. There is no equivalency between Israel s right to self-defense and Hamas  genocidal aggression against the Jewish people. There is no equivalence between Israel s extraordinary efforts to protect civilians and Hamas  use of the Palestinian people as human shields. Being party to any body that believes there is only perpetuates this injustice. The United States should stop legitimizing the UNHRC with our membership and withdraw now. ~Ted Cruz declaring that he will remove America from the United Nations Human Rights Council, July 201530.  I like Donald Trump. I think he s terrific, I think he s brash, I think he speaks the truth He has a way of speaking that gets attention. And I credit him for focusing on an issue that needs to be focused on. ~Ted Cruz agreeing with Donald Trump that Mexicans are a bunch of rapists, June 201531.  You know, Vice President Joe Biden. You know the nice thing? You don t need a punch line. (uproarious laughter) I promise you it works   the next party you re at, just walk up to someone, say  Vice President Joe Biden  and just close your mouth. They will crack up laughing. And Biden said, if anyone attacks your house, just go outside with a double-barrel shotgun, and fire both barrels. Now that is very very good advice  if it so happens you re being attacked by a flock of geese. ~Ted Cruz cruelly mocks Joe Biden after his son Beau died, June 201532.  This bill is symptomatic of a larger problem in Washington   an addiction to spending money we do not have. The United States Senate should not be in the business of exploiting victims of natural disasters to fund pork projects that further expand our debt. ~Ted Cruz denying disaster relief funding to Hurricane Sandy victims in 2013.33.  There are a series of federal statutory thresholds that have to be satisfied. Initially, it appears those thresholds are likely to be satisfied by the magnitude of the damage we re seeing. Democrats and Republicans in the congressional delegation will stand as one in support of the federal government meeting its statutory obligations to provide the relief to help the Texans who are hurting. ~Ted Cruz demanding federal disaster relief for his own state and being a hypocrite simultaneously, May 201534.  Instead of a tax code that crushes innovation and inflicts burdens on families struggling to make ends met, imagine a simple, flat tax that lets Americans fill out their taxes on a postcard. Imagine a tax code that is simple enough to abolish the IRS. ~Ted Cruz saying he would abolish the IRS and lower taxes to the point where our government couldn t function, April 201535.  We need a hundred more like Jesse Helms in the U.S. Senate. ~Ted Cruz longing for the Senate to be dominated by pro-segregationist racists who oppose the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act, March 201536.  I think when it comes to campaign finance reform it is one of the most misunderstood issues in terms of the debate. I am first and foremost a constitutionalist. I believe in the Constitution and I believe in the bill of rights. We saw last year, and you probably didn t see it because it wasn t covered in the local media, but Senate Democrats introduced and voted on an amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the first amendment. ~Ted Cruz saying he support wealthy people buying elections, March 201537.  Net neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet. It would put the government in charge of determining Internet prices, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered, leading to fewer choices, fewer opportunities and higher prices. Government-regulated utilities invariably destroy innovation and freedom. ~Ted Cruz opposing a free and open Internet, November 201438.  Of course we should have a surgeon general in place. And we don t have one because President Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist and that individual didn t have the votes in the Senate. ~Ted Cruz keeping America from having a Surgeon General during the Ebola outbreak because the nominee supports gun control, October 201439.  If Harry Reid kills this bill in the Senate, I think the House should hold its ground, and should begin passing smaller continuing resolutions, one department at a time. It should start with a continuing resolution focused on the military. Fund the military, send it over, and let s see if Harry Reid is willing to shut down the military just because he wants to force Obamacare on the American people. ~Ted Cruz tries and succeeds in causing a government shutdown, September 201340.  Justice Scalia was an American hero. We owe it to him, and the Nation, for the Senate to ensure that the next President names his replacement. ~Ted Cruz vowing on Twitter to help Senate Republicans block any Obama nominee to the Supreme Court in hope of a Republican like himself being able to do so in 2017, February 2016And these 40 quotes, especially the final quote on this list, demonstrate precisely why Ted Cruz should never be allowed to become president.Featured Image: Wikimedia ",News,"February 14, 2016",0
 WATCH: Joy Behar And ‘The View’ PUMMEL Trump For Being Too Closely Tied To Russia And Putin,"The recent CIA assessment concluding that Russia interfered with the election to help Donald Trump win caused the ladies of  The View  to sound the alarm.Seventeen intelligence agencies agree that Russia aided Trump in his effort to become president, and they are now poised to be greatly rewarded by their new puppet. Joy Behar pointed out that Russia hacked the RNC as well as the DNC but withheld RNC emails while leaking emails from the DNC.Sunny Hostin explained that what concerns her most is that Trump is defending Russia, despite 17 intelligence agencies agreeing that Russia hacked our election. Behar then played a clip of Trump asking Russia to hack the DNC and promised them that they would be  rewarded mightily  if they continued interfering.The hosts briefly slammed Kellyanne Conway for calling this story  fake news,  before Whoopi Goldberg chimed in that  Kellyanne Conway is fake news.  The crowd appreciated that quip. Goldberg went on to point out that if this were happening in another country that we would be all over it crying foul. And she s right. The United States has a long record of criticizing foreign interference in elections in other countries but Trump and his supporters are happy to accept Russia s assistance.Behar then called for Trump to step down because we  are at risk when the President of the United States is fighting with the CIA.  Hostin concluded that Trump is getting in bed with Russia because he is seeking personal wealth.Here s the video via YouTube:Then the ladies shifted to criticize Trump s pick for Secretary of State.As we all know, Trump has surrounded himself with pro-Russia advisers throughout the campaign. And now he is stocking his cabinet with them, too. For instance, Rex Tillerson is an Exxon CEO who has close ties to Russia and is a personal friend of Vladimir Putin, yet he is Trump s pick to be America s top diplomat. Tillerson also opposes the sanctions that were placed on Russia after they invaded Ukraine and seized the Crimea. In short, Tillerson will likely choose financial gain for himself and the oil industry over the safety and protection of the American people and the interests of our country.And that enraged Behar. Paul Manafort, who used to be his campaign director, he had to quit because of his ties to Russia,  Behar said.  I mean, do we have to wait until the hammer and sickle is on the American flag before we stand up to this guy? Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump is a direct threat to the security of our nation. Russia sees him as a puppet, something they have waited a long time to have in the White House. And the fact that Trump is pretending that Russia did nothing to help him win makes that very clear.Featured image via screenshot",News,"December 12, 2016",0
British aid minister resigns over undisclosed meetings in Israel,"LONDON (Reuters) - British aid minister Priti Patel resigned on Wednesday, saying her actions had fallen  below the high standards that are expected  of her position when she failed to disclose meetings with Israeli officials during a holiday. After meeting Theresa May, the prime minister s office released Patel s resignation letter in which she apologized for causing  a distraction  from the work of government. May responded in a letter to say she believed Patel s decision was  right . ",worldnews,"November 8, 2017 ",1
"REAL INDIAN, GOP Senate Hopeful Shiva Ayyadurai Just Got Great News…FAKE INDIAN Elizabeth Warren Aligns Herself With Hillary Clinton In New Fundraising Email","Mass Live  Ayyadurai, who announced his Republican U.S. Senate bid in February, said that while he may not be the GOP establishment s candidate, his track record of overcoming barriers and fighting big institutions makes him the best person to take on the high-powered incumbent. I know that Warren   in spite of (what) people think she is   is extremely weak,  he said in an interview.  She s a formidable enemy, but weak in the sense that where she s fundamentally coming from, her basis of where she s coming from, has massive weakness and I know how to expose that weakness. Ayyadurai, 53, moved to the U.S. from India as a child. He compared the Democratic senator and former Harvard University professor to those at the top of India s caste system   a social structure in which he said his family held a low position. If you look at what we have today, we have a neo-caste system and at the top of that heap is people like Warren,  he said.  They are the academics, career politicians and lawyer/lobbyists. And that clan   is extremely spineless, they never expect to be challenged. And I ve challenged them. Last month, Ayyadurai made news when he sent Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren a DNA kit for her birthday (which she rejected) after Warren was caught lying about being a Native American on a application for a teaching position at Harvard University, allegedly hoping that her fake minority status would place her ahead of other applicants for the job.Senator Elizabeth Warren is not only a liar, she s also not very bright. Warren sent out an email today that was clearly designed to appeal to women. In the email, Warren names the very unpopular Hillary Clinton, not only once, but twice. Warren starts out the email by mentioning Hillary s name in the first sentence:Hillary Clinton said that  it takes a village,  and she was right.  None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country totally alone. Warren used Hillary s name again near the end of her email:Every minute counts to get a campaign off the ground. It mattered the most when the DSCC helped launch my Senate campaign, and when they were there for Hillary when she launched her Senate career 17 years ago.Apparently, Warren missed the dreadful polls showing how the wildly unpopular Hillary Clinton s like ability continues to plummet, even after the race.If Warren stays the course and continues to align herself with Crooked Hillary, the very successful entrepreneur and President Trump supporter Shiva Ayyadurai will no doubt be able to use her embarrassingly bad decision to his advantage.Mass Live- If elected, Ayyadurai said he hopes to bring a sense of innovation to the Senate when it comes to addressing hot-button issues, as well as to look at problems from an engineering and science perspective.Casting himself as a  Lincoln Republican,  the entrepreneur said his campaign platform will largely focus on three areas: immigration, education and innovation.As an immigrant, Ayyadurai said he believes it is important that the U.S. secure its borders, root out so-called sanctuary cities and ensure people enter the country legally.He added that he also supports ensuring parents and students have choices when it comes to public education, and argued that more must be done to address what he called  pay-to-play  academic science research.Ayyadurai, who holds four degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is the founder and chairman of CytoSolve, a startup that has developed a  computational platform for scalable integration of molecular pathway models  used in drug development.He is one of three Republicans who have filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission to run for the Massachusetts Senate seat in 2018.To donate to Shiva Ayyadurai s senate campaign, click HERE.Here is Warren s email:Friend  Hillary Clinton said that  it takes a village,  and she was right.  None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country totally alone. I ve seen what a village, a community, and a movement can do, one action at a time. And I ve seen how women can help women   especially when we run for office.I sure remember what it was like running for the Senate as a first-time candidate in 2011. I had to learn everything it took to raise money, build a grassroots organizing operation, and stand up to a Republican incumbent with $10 million in the bank   and I had to do it fast.And here s what I know: I absolutely, positively couldn t have done it on my own.So when the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee told me they wanted a strong launch of the Women s Senate Network for the 2018 cycle, to help women run and make sure more voices like mine and Hillary s are in the Senate, I immediately told them:I m all in.Today, I m asking you to join me in becoming a 2018 founding member of the DSCC Women s Senate Network. Because you were there for Hillary, I m hoping you ll add your name to help us build a community to support women who run for office.Now let me be blunt: 2018 is going to be a hard year for Democrats. We ve got 10 women who are up for reelection to the Senate, including me   more than ever before in history. And many are in some really tough races.That s why the DSCC s Women s Senate Network is ramping up its 2018 efforts early to elect and protect smart, tough, and experienced candidates to fight for what s right   senators who understand that being a woman is not a pre-existing condition, that we deserve equal pay for equal work, and that we sure as heck need Planned Parenthood and affordable health care for hardworking families.Let s continue our fight and get more women in leadership in this country.I m counting on you to keep fighting for what we all started: become a 2018 founding member of the DSCC Women s Senate Network today. You ll even get your very own  Nevertheless, She Persisted  sticker when you do!Every minute counts to get a campaign off the ground. It mattered the most when the DSCC helped launch my Senate campaign, and when they were there for Hillary when she launched her Senate career 17 years ago.And with your help, we can be there for the women who need help defending their seats now and for the next generation of women candidates ready to move into leadership. Early help makes all the difference.Thank you for owning a piece of this.Elizabeth ",politics,"Jul 20, 2017",0
Trump names Eric Hargan as acting Health Secretary,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump has appointed Eric Hargan as acting Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), the White House said on Tuesday. Hargan, the deputy secretary of HHS, formerly served on Trump’s transition team for HHS. The appointment follows Tom Price’s resignation as HHS Secretary late in September over his use of costly private charter planes for government business. U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, considered a potential successor to Price, said on Tuesday he believed he could best serve the Trump administration in his current role. (This story has been refiled to correct paragraph 3 reference to late September, instead of last week.) ",politicsNews,"October 11, 2017 ",1
 National Republican Just Blamed Women For Assaults — Again (VIDEO),"Republican presidential candidate and current Ohio governor John Kasich made strange remarks about sexual assault during a town hall event in New York. Kasich echoed many conservatives and laid the blame on women for these crimes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8FqEIgQMW0Asked about the risk of campus sexual assault during a Friday campaign event, Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) advised a female student not to  go to parties where there s a lot of alcohol. The Republican presidential candidate was hosting a town hall in Watertown, New York when a freshman student from St. Lawrence University asked how he would help her  feel safer and more secure regarding sexual violence, harassment, and rape,  according to ABC News.Simply going to a party where there s a lot of alcohol is not any kind of excuse for a woman being assaulted. Yet conservatives, who repeatedly have denied that there is a rape culture on many college campuses, have regularly cited how women are dressed or what sort of parties they attend when addressing this vital issue.By comparison, the Obama administration launched the  It s On Us  initiative to highlight the role men have to play in stopping sexual assault on campus. Vice President Joe Biden, who helped to author the Violence Against Women Act has often served as a spokesperson for the initiative.Despite the conservative pushback, progressive groups spearheaded by women s leadership have placed campus sexual assault on the top tier of issues to be dealt with by college officials as well as elected officials at the local, state, and federal levels.Increasingly views like Governor Kasich s that put the onus of responsibility on female victims are becoming the minority, while fathers, sons, and brothers have come to realize that blame is a weak and ineffective response.Republicans have found out more often than not, that their insensitive remarks about rape, abortion, and other issues affecting women have fed into the larger story of a  war on women,  and they end up losing elections. Featured image via Pixabay",News,"April 15, 2016",0
EU warns U.S. it may respond swiftly to counter new sanctions on Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union warned on Wednesday that it was ready to act within days to counter proposed new U.S. sanctions on Russia, saying they would harm the bloc’s energy security. Sanctions legislation overwhelmingly approved by the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday has angered EU officials: they see it as breaking transatlantic unity in the West’s response to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine. Brussels also fears the new sanctions will harm European firms with connections to Russia, and oil and gas projects on which the EU is dependent. “The U.S. bill could have unintended unilateral effects that impact the EU’s energy security interests,” EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker said in a statement issued after a meeting at which European commissioners were united in their views, according to a senior EU official. “If our concerns are not taken into account sufficiently, we stand ready to act appropriately within a matter of days. ‘America First’ cannot mean that Europe’s interests come last,” he said, mentioning President Donald Trump’s guiding slogan. A EU document prepared for the commissioners, seen by Reuters, laid out the EU’s plans to seek “demonstrable reassurances” that the White House would not use the bill to target EU interests. The bloc, it says, will also prepare to use an EU regulation allowing it to defend companies against the application of extraterritorial measures by the United States. If diplomacy fails, Brussels plans to file a complaint at the World Trade Organization. “In addition, the preparation of a substantive response that would deter the U.S. from taking measures against EU companies could be considered,” it says. However, most measures taken by Brussels would require approval from all 28 EU member governments, which could expose potential differences in individual nations’ relations with Moscow and Washington. Despite changes to the U.S. bill that took into account some EU concerns, Brussels said the legislation could still hinder upkeep of the gas pipeline network in Russia that feeds into Ukraine and supplies over a quarter of EU needs. The EU says it could also hamper projects crucial to its energy diversification goals, such as the Baltic Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) project. The new sanctions target the disputed Nord Stream 2 project for a new pipeline running from Russia to Germany under the Baltic Sea. But the EU note says: “the impact would in reality be much wider.” A list prepared by the EU executive, seen by Reuters, shows eight projects including those involving oil majors Anglo-Dutch Shell, BP and Italy’s Eni that risk falling foul of the U.S. measures.  Voicing frustration at the fraying in the joint Western approach to Moscow, Juncker said “close coordination among allies” was key to ensuring that curbs on business with the Russian energy, defense and financial sectors, imposed in July 2014, are effective. EU sources said Juncker told Commissioners the risk to EU interests was collateral damage of a U.S. domestic fight between Trump and U.S. lawmakers. It was unclear how quickly the U.S. bill would reach the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. The bill amounts to a rebuke of Trump by requiring him to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Moscow. Rejecting the legislation - which would potentially stymie his wish for improved relations with Moscow - would carry a risk that his veto could be overridden by lawmakers. European energy industry sources voiced alarm at the potentially wide-ranging damage of the new U.S. measures. “This is pretty tough,” one industry source told Reuters. “We are working with EU officials to see what safeguards can be anticipated to protect our investment and give us certainty.”  Five Western firms are partnered with Russia’s Gazprom in Nord Stream 2: German’s Wintershall [WINT.UL] and Uniper, Anglo-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, Austria’s OMV and France’s Engie.  But EU officials warn the U.S. measures would also hit plans for the LNG plant on the Gulf of Finland in which Shell is partnering with Gazprom. The EU document shows they might jeopardize Eni’s 50 percent stake in the Blue Stream pipeline from Russia to Turkey as well as the CPC pipeline, carrying Kazakh oil to the Black Sea, involving European groups BG Overseas Holdings, Shell and Eni . It further warns that BP would be forced to halt some activities with Russian energy major Rosneft. ",politicsNews,"July 26, 2017 ",1
 KKK Leader Brags That White Supremacists Have Taken Over The Republican Party (AUDIO),"White supremacists are celebrating Donald Trump s rise to the top of the Republican Party and KKK leader David Duke bragged about it on the radio.Speaking with Don Advo this week about Trump s decision to hire Breitbart boss Stephen K. Bannon to be his campaign CEO, Duke, who is a racist former KKK Grand Wizard, roared his approval of the choice as both Advo and Duke cheered that white supremacists had taken over the GOP, although he lamented that there were still  boll weevils in the cotton.  You know, because cotton is white and boll weevils are black or brown insects. So, something astonishing has happened. We appear to have taken over the Republican Party,  Advo declared to the delight of his Stormfront fans. Well, rank and file, but a lot of those boll weevils are still in those cotton balls, and, uh, the Republican Party may be a European-American populated party, but like a ball of cotton, you can have boll weevils in there that are going to rot it out from the inside,  Duke replied.Here s the audio via Daily Motion. duke alt right by DailyPoliticsDuke has been emboldened so much by Trump s successful seizure of the Republican Party crown that he is now running for the US Senate in Louisiana.Should he win, Republicans would have a unapologetic racist as part of their Senate caucus and would be a strong ally of Donald Trump should he win the presidency. A racist in the White House and a racist in the Senate is probably not exactly what Republicans were planning but that s what they got. And that s because Republicans created the atmosphere that allowed racists like Trump and Duke to rise.White supremacists love Donald Trump, and Duke has supported the Republican nominee throughout his campaign run.Not only does Trump and Duke need to be defeated, the Republican Party needs to be taken back from the racists who took it over. Because right now, Abraham Lincoln is spinning in his grave about what the GOP has become. The party that ended slavery and fought for civil rights has now become the party of white hoods.Featured image via Houston Chronicle",News,"August 21, 2016",0
Hezbollah says bulk of IS convoy has left Syrian government area,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Most of an Islamic State evacuation convoy stuck in east Syria has crossed out of government territory and is no longer the responsibility of the Syrian government or its ally Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shi ite group said on Saturday.  A U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State has been using warplanes to prevent the convoy from entering territory held by the jihadists in east Syria. Hezbollah and the Syrian army had escorted it from west Syria as part of a truce deal.   The Syrian state and Hezbollah have fulfilled their obligations to transfer buses out of the area of Syrian government control without exposing them,  the statement said.  Hezbollah said in a statement that the U.S.-led jets were still blocking the convoy of fighters and their families, which was stuck in the desert, and were also stopping any aid from reaching it.  Six buses remain in government-held territory under the protection and care of the Syrian state and Hezbollah, the statement said. There were originally 17 buses in the convoy.  Hezbollah said there were old people, casualties and pregnant women in the buses stranded outside Syrian government control in the desert and called on the international community to step in to prevent them coming to harm.  About 300 lightly armed fighters were traveling on the buses, having surrendered their enclave straddling Syria s border with Lebanon on Monday under a deal which allowed them to join their jihadist comrades on the other side of the country.  It angered both the U.S.-led coalition, which does not want more battle-hardened militants in an area where it is operating, and Iraq, which sees them as a threat because the convoy s proposed destination of Al-Bukamal is close to its own border. The Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad, helped by Russia and Iran-backed militias including Hezbollah, is fighting Islamic State as it pushes eastwards across the desert. A commander in the pro-Assad military alliance said earlier on Saturday that Hezbollah and the Syrian army were seeking an alternative way for the convoy to cross into Islamic State territory, having already tried two other routes.   Work is under way to change the course of the convoy for a second time,  the commander said.  The coalition has vowed to continue monitoring the convoy and disrupting any effort it makes to cross into jihadist territory but said it would not bomb it directly because it contains about 300 civilian family members of the fighters. It has asked Russia to tell the Syrian government that it will not allow the convoy to move further east towards the Iraqi border, according to a statement issued late on Friday.  On Wednesday, the coalition said its jets had cratered a road and destroyed a bridge to stop the convoy progressing, and had bombed some of the jihadists  comrades coming the other way to meet it.  Hezbollah and the Syrian army on Thursday changed the route of the convoy from Humeima, a hamlet deep in the southeast desert, to a location further north, but coalition jets again struck near that route, the commander said.   It was considered a threat, meaning there was no passage that way,  the commander said. On Friday coalition jets made mock air raids over the convoy, the commander added.   It caused panic among the Daeshis. The militants are scared the convoy will be bombarded as soon as it enters Deir al-Zor,  the commander said, using a plural form of the Arabic acronym for Islamic state to refer to its fighters. ",worldnews,"September 2, 2017 ",1
WOMAN PULLED OVER FOR 51 MPH IN SCHOOL ZONE: “No wonder you people get shot” [VIDEO],"I ve never been more grateful there are so many good men and women who are willing to risk their lives for so many ignorant people Watch what happens when this Palm Beach Co., FL cop pulls over this woman for going 51 mph in a 20 mph school zone:",left-news,"Sep 11, 2015",0
Irish independent ministers say political situation 'very grave',"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The two independent cabinet ministers that support Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s minority government said the uncertainty over the future of his deputy prime minister was  very grave .  The situation is very grave. We will make our views known to the taoiseach (prime minister) at cabinet this morning,  the Independent Alliance group s Finian McGrath told reporters. He would not comment on whether the deputy prime minister should resign. ",worldnews,"November 28, 2017 ",1
WATCH KELLYANNE CONWAY’S MIC DROP: “I think the biggest fake news was that Donald Trump couldn’t win.”,"Kellyanne Conway:   I think the biggest fake news was that Donald Trump couldn t win.  pic.twitter.com/T5i68K0gW4  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) December 2, 2016",left-news,"Dec 3, 2016",0
Vatican defends pope's avoidance of term 'Rohingya' in Myanmar,"YANGON (Reuters) - The Vatican on Wednesday defended Pope Francis s decision not to use the word  Rohingya  in public during his visit to Myanmar, saying his moral authority was unblemished and that his mere presence drew attention to the refugee crisis. But at a news conference, the Holy See s spokesman also acknowledged that Vatican diplomacy was  not infallible  and that others were entitled to their views. The pope leaves on Thursday for Bangladesh, where about 625,000 Muslim Rohingya from predominantly Buddhist Myanmar have fled following a military crackdown in Rakhine state. He is due to meet Rohingya refugees there. Since he arrived in Myanmar, Francis has studiously avoided the highly charged term, following advice of local Church officials. They feared it could set off a diplomatic incident and turn Myanmar s military and government against minority Christians. Even though his calls for justice, human rights and respect were widely seen as applicable to the Rohingya, who are not recognized as citizens or as members of a distinct ethnicity, rights groups such as Amnesty International said they were disappointed.  I think it was pretty clear from the local concerns that the pope was going to take the advice very seriously in public,  Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said at the news conference, which was also  with several Myanmar bishops.  That doesn t take away from anything the pope has said in the past, or from anything he says in private,  Burke said.  The fact of the matter that the pope is here and draws attention to the country itself is an incredibly positive thing.  Scores of Rohingya villages were burnt to the ground, and refugees arriving in Bangladesh told of killings and rapes. Washington said last week that the military s campaign included  horrendous atrocities  aimed at  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar s military has denied accusations of murder, rape and forced displacement. The government blames the crisis on the Rohingya militants, whom it has condemned as terrorists.  Everyone s entitled to their own opinion here. Nobody ever said Vatican diplomacy s infallible,  Burke said when asked if the Vatican had any second thoughts about the decision for the pope not to use the word. He said the aim of Vatican diplomacy was  building bridges  and seek discussions as  brothers, which often take place behind closed doors . This suggested the pope, who has defended Rohingya by name before in Rome, may have used the term in private during meeting in Myanmar. The pope, Burke said, was  not afraid of minefields,  but he could not just  parachute in  to areas to solve crises.  I find it really hard to think that the moral authority of the pope has somehow diminished. People are not expected to solve impossible problems,  Burke said.  The moral of the pope stands. You ll see him go ahead and you can criticize what is said and what is not said, but the pope is not going to lose moral authority on this question,  he said. Asked about the accusations of ethnic cleansing, Bishop John Hsane Hgyi said  I did not see it with my own eyes. I don t know if its true or not . When she came to power in 2016, Nobel peace laureate and longtime champion of democracy Aung San Suu Kyi said her top priority was ending ethnic conflicts that have kept Myanmar in a state of near-perpetual civil war since independence in 1948. That goal remains elusive and, although Suu Kyi remains popular at home, she has faced a barrage of international criticism for expressing doubts about reports of rights abuses against Rohingya and failing to condemn the military. Although Suu Kyi formed Myanmar s first civilian government in half a century, her defenders say she is hamstrung by a constitution written by the military that left the army in control of security and much of the apparatus of the state. The military s power was clear on Monday when its leader, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, demanded to meet the pope before Sun Kyi, upending the planned schedule, which had her meeting the pontiff first.  I m sure the pope would have preferred meeting the general after he had done the official visits,  Burke said.     ",worldnews,"November 29, 2017 ",1
France's Macron tells Trump Paris accords not renegotiable - source,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron told U.S. President Donald Trump that the Paris climate deal could not be renegotiated and that while France would continue to work with Washington, it would no longer discuss climate issues with the United States, a French source said.  “The president spoke with President Trump in a five-minute phone call. The exchange was direct,” a source close to Macron said. “The president said that they could continue to talk, but indicated that nothing was renegotiable with regard to the Paris accords. The United States and France will continue to work together, but not on the subject of climate,” the source added.  ",politicsNews,"June 1, 2017 ",1
Brazil's top court approves new graft probe of President Temer,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian Supreme Court judge on Tuesday authorized an investigation of President Michel Temer for suspected corruption involving a decree regulating ports, adding to graft allegations the president has so far parried with backing from Congress. The new investigation is based on a wiretapped conversation of a former Temer aide, Rodrigo Rocha Loures, who, according to court documents, discussed shaping the decree in return for bribes channeled from a port operator to the president. In his ruling, Justice Luis Roberto Barroso said the new probe was warranted because Brazil s top prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, had found  strong indications  of crimes, given that the decree signed by Temer answered part of the demands made by logistics firm Rodrimar SA. Temer s lawyer said in a statement sent to the Supreme Court that the allegations against the president are  contaminated by untruths and malicious distortions.  The decree was publicly debated and benefited all port operators and not just Rodrimar, it said. Rodrimar also denied that it had received any special treatment from the government. The company said the decree in question partially addressed widespread demands from Brazil s port operators. Temer has denied any role in the corruption scandals that have come to light during a sprawling three-year investigation of political bribery in Brazil. His lawyers have also challenge the plea bargain deal that yielded the wiretap of Rocha Loures, arguing that the billionaire beef tycoon who arranged the recordings was unfairly favored by a close aide to Janot. Last month, Temer s allies in Congress easily blocked a corruption charge leveled by Janot. He is also expected to beat additional charges that Janot could level this week before leaving office. The latest investigation approved by the court adds more allegations to the mix. Brazil s currency, the real, posted its biggest daily drop in nearly a month, slipping 0.8 percent against the U.S. dollar as the investigation and a separate police probe into Temer s allies kept pressure on the president. Temer s success in beating back accusations had bolstered bets that he would be able to return focus to his market-friendly proposals to overhaul Brazil s tax and social security policies, tackling a record deficit. ",worldnews,"September 12, 2017 ",1
 WATCH: SNL Mocks Trump For Pretending To Be His Own Publicist In Hilarious Cold Open,"In a comedy skit in its own right, Donald Trump is now the presumptive nominee for the presidency of the United States, and it all happened despite the fact that the billionaire businessman has said some of the worst things ever about minorities and women. However, his antics and demeanor are certainly comical and the material he s provided has been a dream come true for late night talk shows and especially the people at Saturday Night Live. The recent discovery that Donald Trump once posed as his own publicist created yet more material for SNL.In the latest skit, Darrell Hammond s  Donald Trump  is on the phone with a reporter who didn t believe that he was Trump s publicist Joe Pepperoni.   No, I am not Donald Trump in disguise,  he said.  This is just what classy people sound like, OK? Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T_6Xa6KOlw]Then Bobby Moynihan s  Chris Christie  showed up to help the billionaire businessman and Republican nightmare pick his running mate. When Jebb Bush was suggested, both went into uncontrollable laughter. After everyone from Carly Fiorina to Bruce Springsteen were rejected by  Trump,  he wondered why no major Republican wanted to be his vice president. Christie  immediately saw an opportunity. He said: If I may be so bold. Sir, anyone who didn t want to be your VP would be a damn fool. You are such a special candidate. And maybe, just maybe the person you have been looking for the whole time is standing in this room right now. Trump  replied,  You are so right, Ben Carson, want to be vice president? Let s hope when all is said and done in November, America can look back at Trump and see him as a funny distant memory.Featured image via video screenshot.",News,"May 15, 2016",0
Trump calls for U.S. infrastructure plan after train derailment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that the derailment of a train, which sent train cars crashing onto a major highway and killed passengers, in Washington state showed the necessity of an infrastructure plan. “The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly,” Trump said. “Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!” ",politicsNews,"December 18, 2017 ",1
EU seeks to end Brexit transition no later than end: 2020,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than Dec. 31, 2020, according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday.  The transitional arrangements should apply as from the date of entry into force of the Withdrawal Agreement and should not last beyond 31 December 2020,  the published text showed.  Coinciding with the end of the EU s current seven-year budget period, the end of 2020, 21 months after Brexit at the end of March 2019, had long been expected as the target end date of the transition but this was the first official confirmation that this is the official goal of the Union negotiators. British Prime Minister Theresa May had formally asked for a transition to last around two years. The four pages of new directives for EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier were in line with guidelines issued by EU leaders at a summit on Friday and will form the basis of talks on the transition which Barnier hopes to start next month. They spell out that Britain will be effectively still a member of EU institutions, bound by all their rules including new ones, while not having a say in their making. The EU will also offer Britain a non-voting place at some meetings where decisions may affect specific issues and will set up special arrangements for a UK role in setting annual EU fishing quotas. The directives also spell out more clearly that EU treaties with other countries and international organizations will no longer apply to Britain during the transition period. However, the document adds:  Where it is in the interest of the Union, the Union may consider whether and how arrangements can be agreed that would maintain the effects of the agreements as regards the United Kingdom during the transition period.  This has been important to Britain since it could mean that it no longer benefits automatically from free trade agreements which the EU has with, say, Canada or South Korea, while, as the directives underline, it would still have to apply EU trade policy   for example collecting EU customs duty at UK ports. Among elements spelled out more in the transition directives than in the leaders  guidelines last week was a repetition of a previously agreed EU position that everything applying to Brexit for Britain would also apply to other British territories. Brussels has previously said the Spanish government must agree any future arrangements with Britain that affect the British territory of Gibraltar on Spain s southern coast. ",worldnews,"December 20, 2017 ",1
UK parliament expected to vote on Brexit deal by late 2018 or early 2019: Davis,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s parliament will vote on whether to accept the government s deal on exiting the European Union by December 2018 or January 2019 if negotiations with Brussels progress as anticipated, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.  If it goes to the timetable (EU negotiator) Mr Barnier expects, or wants to go to, which is October of 2018, it s likely the European Parliament will vote December or January... we will have that put before the house before then, there s no doubt about that,  Davis told parliament. ",worldnews,"October 26, 2017 ",1
 Cher Goes On Yet Another GLORIOUS Twitter Tirade About Flint’s Poisoned Water (TWEETS),"Cher has certainly used her power, money, and influence to help the people who are suffering from their water being poisoned by Michigan s Republican Governor Rick Snyder. She has already gifted water to the residents of Flint, and now she is using her influence on social media to remind the whole world just what a travesty the whole situation is.First, the superstar singer-turned-activist reminded everyone of her own humble beginnings. You see, Cher wasn t always rich and famous. She was, in fact, quite poor, as she reveals in one tweet. However, she also says that no matter how destitute they were, her mother was never afraid to let her drink or bathe in the water flowing from their taps:I remember my mom crying because she couldn't make ends meet,I was sick & she couldn't afford Dr  BUT..SHE WAS NEVER AFRAID OF OUR WATER  Cher (@cher) January 23, 2016She also posted picture of the water that the residents of Flint  had been assured was  safe  until this scandal broke, and they are nothing short of absolutely horrifying. It looks more like mud than water, and is clearly unsafe. However, considering that Flint s residents are mostly destitute African Americans, we can be assured that their situation didn t matter to the right, white GOP governor Rick Snyder and his emergency management people who made this nightmare a reality.How would U like 2 wake up Tomm & have nothing but  water 2 give your kids 2 DRINK,BATHE IN WASH CLOTHES IN pic.twitter.com/lxhkhSAB72  Cher (@cher) January 23, 2016Cher then tweeted a photo of the water running into a washing machine to wash a family s clothing. It is nothing short of deadly, and that is why people are dying and children who have been drinking and bathing in that water have elevated lead levels in their young bloodstreams, which will likely affect them for the rest of their lives.Cher, Flint s own native son Michael Moore, and many other people in positions of power and influence are just as outraged by this as the rest of us. Luckily, they have the money, power, know-how, and resources to actually do something about it. And they are.Hopefully, the next step will be to get this disgusting excuse for a human being and a governor, Rick Snyder, out of office, and into the dustbins of history with other rightfully disgraced politicians.Featured image via Cher Twitter",News,"January 23, 2016",0
German coalition talks deal early blow to Macron on Europe,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties exploring a coalition government have dealt an early blow to French President Emmanuel Macron s hopes for more expansive fiscal policies from Berlin, backing a balanced budget and rejecting the idea of a separate pot of cash for the euro zone. The Greens, seen as closest to Macron on economic policy and Europe, appeared to have caved in to demands by Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Free Democrats (FDP) that a new government continue down a path of fiscal discipline. Merkel, whose conservatives placed first but lost seats in an election last month, is trying to forge a coalition with the pro-business FDP and the Greens, which requires bridging disagreements on taxes, immigration and foreign policy. In a joint paper agreed after late-night talks on Tuesday, the parties said they all supported a balanced budget. A senior Greens politician who participated in the talks also told Reuters that the parties were united in opposing Macron s idea for a euro zone budget.  None of the participating parties support a euro zone budget,  said Reinhard Buetikofer, a member of the European Parliament. The parties are expected to reconvene on Thursday to finalize a joint paper on Europe, after agreeing a rough blueprint for fiscal policy late on Tuesday. That blueprint included a pledge to respect  debt brake  legislation enshrined in the constitution since 2009, which forces the federal government to virtually eliminate structural budget deficits, limiting them to 0.35 percent of GDP. It also contained a commitment to provide relief to lower and middle income earners, dismantle the  solidarity tax  for poor eastern states and provide financial incentives to make German homes more energy efficient. Cem Ozdemir, a leader of the Greens who is seen as a possible foreign minister in the new government, highlighted a decision to re-examine plans to raise defence spending by the outgoing  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD), who are moving into opposition. Tax relief and investment needs would be finalised once more details on tax revenues become available next month, Ozdemir said, suggesting that the balanced budget commitment was not final. The Greens politician also said that a new coalition would have to provide a  pro-European  answer to proposals from Macron and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker for closer cooperation in fiscal matters, defence and migration.  There are a lot of differences to overcome. But I am hoping for a clear commitment to Europe,  said Ozdemir in a video posted on the Greens website. Buetikofer said the Greens supported the idea of boosting investment within the framework of the existing EU budget. But their rejection of Macron s idea for a separate budget for the euro zone at such an early stage of the coalition talks was seen by some members of the party as an unnecessary  cave in  to Merkel s conservatives and the FDP. Macron has called for the creation of a euro zone budget of several hundred billions of euros to help the single currency bloc cope with economic shocks. One FDP participant who requested anonymity suggested that the Greens may have given away too much in the talks on Tuesday night and expressed concern that the leadership of the party could be forced to change tack in the days ahead by angry grass roots members. Former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, a Social Democrat who ruled with the Greens for seven years, accused the environmentalist party of  preparing Frau Merkel s bed  in a desperate attempt to re-enter government. Immigration could also be a contentious issue in the coalition talks as Merkel s conservatives row back on the open-door policy towards refugees that she adopted in 2015. This will also be on the agenda on Thursday. ",worldnews,"October 25, 2017 ",1
Most Americans back 'just the facts' news stories: Pew survey,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Most Americans want the media to present facts in news stories without adding interpretation, a Pew Research Center survey said on Friday amid a debate in the media about its role in covering Donald Trump’s unconventional presidential campaign. Journalists face the issue of how much guidance they should provide to help their audiences make sense of the news. The question is especially keen after the 2016 election when the media grappled with challenging false statements made by Republican Trump in his campaign against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Fifty-nine percent of U.S. adults reject the idea of adding interpretation, saying that the news media should present the facts alone, the survey showed. Four in 10 favored adding some interpretation to the facts. “Although the public prefers the news media to present ‘just the facts,’ they may not even agree on what the facts are,” Pew said in a statement. In the same survey, 81 percent of registered voters said that most supporters of Clinton and Trump not only disagreed over plans and policies, but also disagreed on basic facts. Voters who supported Trump, now the president-elect, favored a “just the facts” approach by 71 percent to 29 percent. Clinton supporters were evenly split on the issue. The survey showed strong support for fact-checking by the media. The election campaign saw a proliferation of fake news sites and articles on social media competing with news published by traditional media, although this was not included in the survey. Eighty-one percent of those who prefer facts without interpretation believe fact-checking is a major or minor responsibility of the news media. Among those who prefer interpretation, 83 percent think fact-checking is a responsibility. The survey of 4,132 adults was conducted from Sept. 27 to Oct. 10, before Election Day. The margin of error is 2.8 percentage points. ",politicsNews,"November 18, 2016 ",1
Fight for grassroots democracy in Cambodia sidelines U.S.,"BATTAMBANG, Cambodia (Reuters) - Sin Rozeth s attempts to show the benefits of grassroots democracy to some of the poorest people in the Cambodian city of Battambang are in peril. The 30-year-old daughter of a vegetable seller became the head of Ochar commune, the equivalent of local council leader, in elections in June. Her victory was part of an  all politics is local  strategy that helped the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) win 40 percent of the 1,646 local seats at stake. Previously it had just 2 percent. But the authoritarian government of former Khmer Rouge commander Hun Sen is now cracking down at every level on a party that had shown it might beat him at elections due next July. The longest-serving prime minister in the world accuses the CNRP of doing the bidding of the United States. Hun Sen s government has arrested CNRP leader Kem Sokha on treason charges and taken steps to have the party dissolved altogether. Once vocal rights groups have also been silenced and media critical of the ruling party have been repressed.  For Sin Rozeth, it has meant warning letters from city and provincial authorities threatening to remove her.  Now voters are showing signs of discouragement in Ochar, a community of 18,000 where Battambang spills into rice fields and dwellings patched from metal sheet and wood sit alongside low-rise cinderblock homes. Few new voters in the commune have registered ahead of next year s national elections, she said. It is the same picture across Cambodia. The electoral commission estimated 1.6 million people needed to register - either because they had come of age or had been missed before   and barely a quarter have done so ahead of a Nov. 9 deadline.     At stake is the shaky democracy that Western donors spent billions of dollars trying to build after the genocide of the Khmer Rouge killed an estimated 1.7 million people - around a quarter of the population - between 1975 and 1979. Hun Sen s dominance dates from 1985, when he became prime minister under the patronage of occupying Vietnamese forces he had helped to drive out his former Khmer Rouge comrades. A 1991 peace deal ended civil war and U.N.-supervised elections were held in 1993. Hun Sen lost, but maneuvered to keep power and has used force and the courts to undermine opponents ever since. Sin Rozeth, who took up politics after dropping out of university for lack of money, said she made some money through helping others with real estate deals in Battambang province to support herself and her single mother, who raised her. Her commune s official budget had been frozen and she had to pay the office s electricity bill from her own pocket, she said. Donors in Cambodia and abroad also helped. They bought a computer and plastic chairs for the office.  It is very hard to work,  Sin Rozeth said. City and provincial authorities have sent three warning letters. Among the accusations: offering services free of charge, discriminating against ruling party officials, usurping the role of the commune clerk and holding meetings on Saturdays. The CNRP s commune chiefs elsewhere complain, too. Va Sam, of Kok Khleang commune in Phnom Penh, said the interior ministry had taken over issuing documents such as land titles and birth certificates, previously a big source of funds for the commune. Discrimination against CNRP commune chiefs was widespread, said Mu Sochua, a deputy of Kem Sokha who fled into exile fearing arrest.  Other communes face the same targeting if we shine and show too much competence,  she told Reuters. Battambang s provincial governor, Nguon Ratanak, from the government of the ruling Cambodia People s Party (CPP), told Reuters local leaders had to obey the law and denied stopping anyone from developing their communes.  They still want to apply the political policies used during the campaign,  he said.  Commune chiefs must work under the guidelines of the interior ministry, not their political party.          If the CNRP is banned, with a court decision due on Nov. 16, the ruling party would take control of all the communes the CNRP currently leads, based on a change to the election law approved by Cambodia s CPP-dominated parliament last month. The government dismisses criticism that the crackdown ahead of next July s election is turning Cambodia into a one-party state. It says it is only acting against those who have broken Cambodia s laws. Arrested in a midnight raid on Sept. 3, CNRP leader Kem Sokha was accused of plotting with Americans to organize a  color revolution  like those that toppled eastern European strongmen.   We can t let this dangerous revolution happen in Cambodia,  said senior interior ministry official Huy Vannak.  You try to put an American jacket onto a Cambodian and it doesn t fit.   Among those forced out even before Kem Sokha s arrest was the U.S. State Department funded National Democratic Institute (NDI), which spent 25 years on a democracy-building mission that cost an average $2 million a year for the past five years. Sin Rozeth, who was born two years after Hun Sen came to power in 1985, has benefited from its training, as did many members of the ruling party. It included lessons in campaigning - trainers taught her not to attack other parties, she said -  and how to present her own policies.        NDI said that since the recent elections, 138 ruling party members had participated in NDI activities along with 153 members of the opposition.  If this was an effort to try to collude with the opposition then we re guilty of colluding with the ruling party as well,  NDI president Kenneth Wollack told Reuters. Within days of Kem Sokha s arrest, a top Chinese official flew to Phnom Penh with words of support. China has replaced the United States as Cambodia s biggest single donor by far.  In the U.S. Congress, Senators John McCain and Dick Durbin have introduced a resolution that could lead to travel restrictions on Cambodian leaders.  Cambodian officials say they don t fear any penalties.  The Americans can t even control North Korea,  government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters.  Sin Rozeth believes the strategy of promising change locally as well as nationally helped explain her party s success. Facebook Live videos show the diminutive and energetic figure getting drains built through muddy streets of Battambang, famed for Cambodia s finest jasmine rice and its French colonial architecture, winning her followers far beyond the city.  I went out to meet people and get to know their problems. I went to funerals to pay condolences even if I didn t know the people,  said Sin Rozeth.    We just have to show what we can deliver day by day,  she said.  We re a new generation and we want to show that administration can be effective and clean and free of charge.  A 2013 video about that strategy was used as evidence against Kem Sokha. In it, he says he has the backing of unnamed Americans for a plan to win power requiring that  before changing the top level, we need to uproot the lower one . For Kem Sokha, it was a legitimate political strategy in a democracy. The government called it treason. ",worldnews,"November 5, 2017 ",1
Peru's Congress passes law to target Odebrecht's partners,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s opposition-ruled Congress voted 55-21 late on Thursday to pass legislation that expands a raft of new financial restrictions to the local partners of scandal-plagued Brazilian builder Odebrecht. If signed by President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, the law would deliver a fresh blow to Peru s biggest construction group, Grana y Montero, just as the company s shares have been climbing back from a sharp drop after partner Odebrecht admitted to a decade-long bribery scheme last year. Supporters of the bill said Odebrecht s partners might have had a hand in the graft and must be included in anti-corruption rules passed early this year that restrict the transfer of company assets abroad until civil reparations have been paid. The legislation would also seize companies   ill-gotten gains  made from government contracts. Grana declined to comment on the legislation. The company has repeatedly denied knowing about or being involved in Odebrecht s bribes and said last week that a 6-month internal probe it commissioned turned up no evidence of wrongdoing. Lawmakers in Kuczynski s party voted against the bill and his government will likely send it back to Congress saying it violates the presumption of innocence, a former deputy justice minister in Kuczynski s government, Edgar Carpio, told Reuters. The justice ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The bill taps growing impatience in Peru with criminal investigations related to Odebrecht that have yet to yield any convictions or broaden to target additional companies.  It s been a year and nothing,  opposition lawmaker Victor Andres Belaunde said.  We re disappointed with the lack of courage of many who don t want to confront corruption.  Right-wing opposition party Popular Force, which dominates Congress, has slammed Kuczynski s government and the attorney general s office as soft on graft. Opposition lawmakers have demanded Kuczynski face questioning in Congress about what he knew about Odebrecht s bribes when he was part of the cabinet of former president Alejandro Toledo, whom prosecutors allege took $20 million from the company in exchange for lucrative highway contracts. Grana partnered with Odebrecht on two of the highway contracts and a $5 billion natural gas pipeline project that was canceled this year as the bribery scandal unfolded. Kuczynski has denied wrongdoing and has answered lawmakers  questions about his knowledge of Odebrecht in writing, but he has said he would not do so in a congressional commission because it would be a  circus.  ",worldnews,"November 10, 2017 ",1
"“DRIVE THEM OUT OF YOUR PLACES OF WORSHIP!” London Imams Take President Trump’s Advice, REFUSE To Perform Funeral Rights For Islamic Terrorists [VIDEO]","President Trump gave a powerful speech to Arab leaders at the opening of the new Global Centre for Combatting Extremist Ideology in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on May 21, 2017. In his historic speech, President Trump warned Islamic extremists:  If you choose terror, your life will be brief and your life will be empty.  Trump went on to tell the Arab leaders and the entire world, We are not here to lecture and tell you how to live. We are here to work together to meet one goal and meet history s great test to conquer extremism. Young Muslim boys and girls should be able to grow up free from fear, safe from violence and innocent of hatred. Young Muslims should be able to build prosperity for themselves. This will be the beginning of the end for those who fight terror. This special gathering will one day be remembered as the start of peace in the Middle East and potentially all over the world. Watch the clip of President Trump telling Arab leaders in Riyadh and around the world to  drive out terrorism  from their nations and from their places of worship:It appears that the Imams in London were listening after East London Mosque and London Muslim Centre Chairman Muhammad Habibur-Rahman boldly announced to Muslims everywhere that if they commit acts of terror against innocent people, they will not receive funeral rights in London mosques.British police on Tuesday named the final member of the terror trio that murdered seven people on Saturday in a knife and van attack before police shot the jihadis dead   and the news comes as more than 130 Muslim religious leaders were refusing to say funeral prayers for any members of the ISIS cell.The decision by the Muslim leaders was seen as an  unprecedented  move because the funeral ritual is typically performed on a deceased Muslim no matter the person s past actions. The group of religious leaders have urged others to join them in declining to pray for the dead killers. We, as Muslim imams and religious leaders, condemn the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London in the strongest terms possible,  the Muslim leaders said in a statement.  Coming from a range of backgrounds, and from across the U.K.; feeling the pain the rest of the nation feels, we have come together to express our shock and utter disgust at these cold-blooded murders. We are deeply hurt that a spate of terror attacks have been committed in our country once more by murderers who seek to gain religious legitimacy for their actions. We seek to clarify that their reprehensible actions have neither legitimacy nor our sympathy. East London Mosque and London Muslim Centre Chairman Muhammad Habibur-Rahman said the decision was made because  those who perpetrate terrorism: you are against the very core teaching of Islam and of our Prophet Muhammad. Your misguidance will lead you to destruction, and God willing you will utterly fail in your evil aims,  he said in a statement.The decision underscores a warning President Trump issued to the Islamic world last month. Speaking in Riyadh before the leaders of 50 Muslim majority countries, Trump told warned terrorists that taking innocent lives would not lead to eternal paradise. If you choose the path of terror, your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and your soul will be fully condemned,  Trump said.U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also applauded the move. He said he was encouraged by the imams and said that the decision means  they re condemning their souls  since the funeral prayer asks for forgiveness of the dead. And that is what has to be done,  he said.Youssef Zaghba, a Moroccan-born Italian man, was identified Tuesday morning as the final member of the trio that descended upon the London Bridge on Saturday.Mak Chishty, the Metropolitan police commander of engagement, said, according to The Guardian, that it is time for Muslims to  counter the scourge of terrorism, extremism and hatred that we have in our communities at present. Chishty, the highest-ranking officer in the department of Muslim faith, said,  It is the Islamic duty of every Muslim to be loyal to the country in which they live. We are now asking questions to understand how extremism and hatred has taken hold within some elements of our own communities.   FOX News ",politics,"Jun 6, 2017",0
 SAD! It Shouldn’t Be News That Trump Got Intelligence Briefings Two Days In A Row,"News broke on Thursday that Donald Trump had actually taken his President s Daily Briefing two days in a row. How in the hell did this end up being news? The answer is simple: because the man we have chosen to run this country is too stupid to know just how stupid he is. He s so stupid he thinks he s too smart to get intel briefings.Trump has come under fire for refusing to get his daily intelligence briefings. His defense is that he s a really smart guy and the PDB is like, boring and stuff. So he d just rather not. Besides, that s what Mike Pence is for, right? I don t have to be told   you know, I m, like, a smart person. I don t have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day,  Trump told Fox News.  I don t need to be told   the same thing every day, every morning   same words.  Sir, nothing has changed. Let s go over it again.  I don t need that. So now, this is where we find ourselves. When Trump actually does his job for a mere two days, it s news. Two freaking days..@realDonaldTrump received daily intelligence briefing today, his spokesman says, making it the second day in a row he s received PDB.  Jeff Zeleny (@jeffzeleny) December 22, 2016Trump receiving president daily briefing today in Florida, for the second day in a row.  Ben Siegel (@benyc) December 22, 2016The fact that it is news when the commander-in-chief gets two days of intelligence briefings back to back should terrify every person in this country. It also highlights exactly how Trump has managed to send our foreign relations, particularly with China, into a nosedive before he even gets inaugurated.If he had been interested in his intelligence briefings, maybe he would have known better than to chat up the president of Taiwan. If he had gotten his PDB before going off half-cocked on Twitter to rant about China seizing our drone, he would have known that the crisis had already been resolved.But for now, Trump has had two days of intel briefings in a row and since that is a first for this narcissistic moron, it s news. Sad.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"December 22, 2016",0
"California, eyeing Cosby, ends statute of limitations for rape","SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown on Wednesday signed a bill to end the statute of limitations for rape, a measure inspired by accusations against comedian Bill Cosby, some of which surfaced decades after alleged crimes occurred. Cosby, who built a long career on family friendly comedy, including his long-running NBC sitcom “The Cosby Show,” has steadfastly denied ever assaulting anyone and has insisted that all his sexual encounters were consensual. He is charged in Pennsylvania with drugging and sexually assaulting a former Temple University employee, Andrea Constand, at his home in 2004. In California, he faces a civil suit by a woman now in her 50s who alleges that Cosby plied her with alcohol and molested her in 1974 at the Playboy Mansion when she was aged 15. Existing California law generally limits prosecution of a felony sexual offense to 10 years after the offense is committed. Only two in 100 rapists will be convicted of a felony and spend any time in prison, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.  “Governor Jerry Brown’s signature of SB 813 tells every rape and sexual assault victim in California that they matter and that, regardless of when they are ready to come forward, they will always have an opportunity to seek justice in a court of law,” said bill author Senator Connie Leyva.  “Rapists should never be able to evade legal consequences simply because an arbitrary time limit has expired,” she said. The bill will not work retroactively and will not help some of Cosby’s accusers, according to Gloria Allred, an attorney who represents several of the comedian’s alleged victims.  The governors of Nevada and Colorado have signed similar bills extending the statute of limitations to 20 years  for rape cases into law.  The California law takes effect on Jan. 1, 2017. ",politicsNews,"September 28, 2016 ",1
"Aktif Bank says has not violated U.S., international sanctions","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish lender Aktif Bank said on Thursday it had not violated any U.S. or international sanctions, after it was mentioned in the U.S. case regarding Iran sanctions violations. Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is a witness, testified on Wednesday that he had initially handled Iranian transactions through Aktif Bank. He said Aktif Bank at first hesitated to open an account for him and it shut down the account after receiving a warning from the United States.  No transaction violating U.S. or international sanctions has occurred on behalf of our bank,  the lender said in a statement.  We have and continue to cooperate with international and national institutions and the result of this case will not have negative impacts on us.  Zarrab said he used Halkbank to continue his transactions with Iran after Aktif Bank stopped working with him. A Halkbank executive, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, is a defendant in the case. Atilla has pleaded not guilty. ",worldnews,"November 30, 2017 ",1
Trump says keeping 'open mind' on climate change: New York Times,"(Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Tuesday he thinks there is some connection between climate change and human activity and “clean air is vitally important,” a New York Times reporter said in a tweet. Trump, who met Times reporters and editors in New York, “says he is keeping ‘an open mind’” on the issue, the Times’ reporter wrote on Twitter.  Trump has previously called man-made global warming a hoax. “I think there is some connectivity” between humans and climate change, Trump said in the Times interview. ",politicsNews,"November 22, 2016 ",1
 WATCH: Hateful Trump Mob Boos Military Mom At Official Rally,"Following in Donald Trump s footsteps of attacking military families, a mother with a son serving in the U.S. Airforce was booed at a rally for his presidential campaign on Monday. The moment happened as the woman was attempting to ask a question of Gov. Mike Pence, Trump s running mate.WATCH: Military mom booed at Pence rally for asking about Trump's treatment of Khan family. pic.twitter.com/soaCWAhh6n  Correct The Record (@CorrectRecord) August 1, 2016After delivering a standard stump speech, Pence took audience questions at a room inside a Carson City, Nevada, casino.The second question came from a woman who said her son serves in the U.S. Air Force. The mother asked about Trump s treatment of Muslim parents Khizr and Ghazala Khan, whose son, a decorated Army veteran, was killed in Iraq in 2004. Will there ever be a point in time when you re able to look Trump in the eye and tell him enough is enough?  the woman asked Pence, prompting boos from the crowd.Pence hushed the crowd as the woman had her microphone taken away, and told them,  That s what freedom looks like. That s what freedom sounds like. Pence went on to say,  Captain Khan is an American hero and we honor him and honor his family.  But neither he nor Trump repudiated the nominee s attacks on the family, who spoke out against Trump s proposed anti-Muslim ban at the Democratic Convention.Trump has insisted that he was  viciously  attacked by the Khans and claimed that Ghazala Khan didn t speak up at the convention due to her Islamic faith.Khan said on MSNBC and in an op-ed in the Washington Post that she was overcome with grief still at the death of her son and could not speak up.Trump has been blasted for his insensitivity by the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) and other Gold Star family members who have demanded an apology. Some Republicans governors and senators have spoken out against Trump s comments but without actually rescinding their endorsements of his presidential campaign.Featured image via screen capture",News,"August 1, 2016",0
BREAKING: SEAN HANNITY Interviews Wikileaks’ Julian Assange…Proves He’s Still Alive: “Our source is NOT the Russian government”,"The Democrats have 26 more days to discredit Donald J. Trump until he becomes our next President. They are really pulling out all of the stops. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange emerges from hiding to do an interview with Fox News  Sean Hannity in order to set the record straight on the DNC leaks he released prior to the election. It s interesting how mainstream media  reporters  have no interest in the content of those undisputed leaked emails, they only care about how they got into the hands of Julian Assange.Julian Assange has finally spoken out on the recent news about intel assessments on Russia being the source of hacking designed to reportedly help Donald Trump. Julian Assange spoke with Sean Hannity on his radio show this afternoon and stated,  Our source is not the Russian government.  He told Hannity WikiLeaks did receive a little bit of information having to do with Trump and the RNC, but  it was already public somewhere else. https://youtu.be/GJIVOsptcBsHannity applauded Assange and said he s  done us a favor  by 1) showing how weak U.S. cybersecurity is, and 2) exposing government corruption. He asked Assange if the information he received came from inside the United States. Assange did not say definitively, but insisted,  It has not come from a state party.  (At a later point in the interview, Assange said that info leaks from other places could have been from Russia.) Hannity also asked him if President Obama knows this too and is  purposefully  pushing a false narrative to delegitimize Trump. Assange said yes. On Thursday afternoon, Hannity, the Fox News host and informal Trump adviser, once again interviewed WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange this time on Hannity s nationally syndicated radio show. Hannity gave Assange a large platform to deny that the source of the DNC and John Podesta emails was the Russian government, and to also join Hannity in some fairly typical bashing of Hillary Clinton and the  liberal  mainstream media. Hannity gushed on-air. Thanks to Assange and WikiLeaks s work, Hannity said,  we can now fix the problem  of our gaps in U.S. cybersecurity. (The DNC and Podesta emails were a wake-up call, in a sense.) Assange also  exposed the corruption in our government  for all to see.  I have so many questions for you,  Hannity said, before reminding his audience of WikiLeaks s  perfect  record:  You have not been proven wrong, not one single time,  he reiterated. When asked if President Obama was trying to  delegitimize Donald Trump by promoting any evidence of Russian interference and cyberattacks aimed at helping Trump to defeat Clinton in the election) Assange answered firmly,  yes.   This wouldn t be the first time that the CIA would be politicized,  Hannity continued, making a Benghazi analogy. Assange also wagged his finger at  the liberal press  in America that tried to make Trump voters feel  ashamed  of themselves for supporting the Republican candidate.  What is the difference between what you and WikiLeaks have done, and what The New York Times and CNN [have done]?  the host inquired.  Our stuff has more impact,  Assange replied.  Touch ,  Hannity answered.  I can t disagree with that.  The conservative host continued to make the case that the so-called mainstream media was  trying to scapegoat  Assange, and that  if [Hillary] were a Republican they d be singing your praises day and night.   America owes you a debt of gratitude,  Hannity said, concluding their friendly chat.-YouTube copy and video provided by Jim Browski",politics,"Dec 15, 2016",0
Democratic attorneys general seek to intervene in Obamacare case,"SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than a dozen Democratic attorneys general on Thursday sought to intervene to defend a key part of the Obamacare healthcare law - subsidy payments to insurance companies - which is under threat in a court case. The 16 attorneys general, led by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra and New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, filed a motion to intervene in the case pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The case, which dates back to the Obama administration, was filed by the Republican-led House of Representatives against the federal government in an effort to cut off subsidy payments to insurers for the individual plans created by the Affordable Care Act, often called Obamacare. The subsidies payments help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans. “The stakes are very high. In Maryland we have more than 400,000 people who depend on the Affordable Care Act to get normal healthcare. It sounds alarming, but it’s true: lives are at stake,” said Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh, who signed on to the filing. Trump has repeatedly threatened to withhold the payments to insurers, which amount to about $7 billion this year, and referred to them as a “bailout.”  The attorneys general cited in the court filing Trump’s own words vowing to let Obamacare “explode” as part of the reasoning for their intervention. Trump has made it clear he views decisions on health insurance for millions of Americans “as little more than political bargaining chips,” the court filing said. The situation is extremely urgent, the Democratic officials argued, because state insurance regulators are making critical choices that will shape their insurance markets for the next year. Several insurers, including Aetna (AET.N) and Humana (HUM.N), have largely left the Obamacare exchanges, citing a pool of patients who are sicker than expected and therefore more expensive. Insurers have also repeatedly called on the Trump administration to fund the cost-sharing subsidies.  Attorneys general and proponents of Obamacare have said the threats to withhold the payments have already wreaked havoc in the marketplaces and are part of the reason some healthcare consumers have seen double-digit rate increases.  Democratic attorneys general have emerged as significant opponents to the Trump administration. They took a lead role to successfully block Trump’s executive orders restricting travel from some Muslim-majority countries, and they are also resisting efforts to roll back environmental regulations. The attorney general from Kentucky, a deeply conservative state, is among those Democrats joining the court filing even as the state’s Republican governor has pledged to rollback a Medicaid expansion made possible by Obamacare.  In May 2016, a U.S. judge ruled in favor of the Republicans in the subsidies case, finding that the Obama administration needed explicit congressional approval. The Obama administration appealed before Trump took office, leaving the new administration to ponder how to proceed. The appeals court put the litigation on hold after the November presidential election at the request of the Republican House lawmakers.  The motion to intervene may not be granted by the court. In February, the same court rejected a similar motion filed by Democratic attorneys general seeking to help defend the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in a legal battle that could defang the agency. The litigation could become moot if Congress passes new healthcare legislation to replace Obamacare. The House passed a bill, called the American Health Care Act, earlier this month. The Senate recently began writing its own version of the bill but has warned it could take months to pass.  The Trump administration has taken action over the past several months to undercut Obamacare through regulatory authority. It backed off enforcing the individual mandate, which requires everyone to purchase health insurance or else pay a penalty, tightened enrollment in Obamacare markets and has enabled people to sign up for insurance plans outside of healthcare.gov, the flagship site of Obamacare that the Obama administration heavily advertised.  ",politicsNews,"May 18, 2017 ",1
Everytown gun safety group backs Clinton for president: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A gun control advocacy group founded by billionaire and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Friday endorsed Democrat Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential race. In a statement, Everytown for Gun Safety praised Clinton for siding with the public rather than gun industry lobbyists. ",politicsNews,"June 3, 2016 ",1
After The 2016 Election: A Gullible and Shattered America," David Kerans Strategic CultureBoth inside the US and around the world, political observers have been waiting a long time for an election that would promise relief from the most noxious features of the American system. Alas, while it is high time that the US lead the way in reversing these trends, the outcome of the 18 month struggle to elect a new administration looks likely to scuttle all hopes for serious leadership and reform. I m looking forward to a market crash to awaken the electorate out of our rut, honestly. Because if a Loony Tunes candidate {meaning Donald Trump   DK} doesn t give Democrats the courage to put up a push-left candidate {Bernie Sanders, or some facsimile   DK}, then catastrophe is the only correction we have left.   Commenter  Snapshotist Both inside the US and around the world, political observers have been waiting a long time for an election that would promise relief from the most noxious features of the American system, such as neoliberal economic austerity policies that hamstring governments  ability to maintain basic services and safety nets, military aggression and destabilization of regimes across a wide swathe of the globe, wholesale violation of privacy via NSA surveillance, trade agreements designed to maximize the power of international corporations over national governments, facilitation of fossil fuel extraction and infrastructure in the face of dire climate change consequences, a financial system sucking wealth away from the population and accelerating wealth inequality, and more.Alas, while it is high time that the US lead the way in reversing these trends, the outcome of the 18 month struggle to elect a new presidential administration looks likely to scuttle all hopes for serious leadership and reform on any of these critical issues. It follows, therefore, that in the near term (if not longer), progress will not be possible unless new forms of politics arise to deliver pressure from below on Washington, DC. But how much hope can we have for that?Continue this story at Strategic CultureREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",Middle-east,"October 27, 2016",0
" Bigot Cashier LOSES IT On Gay Customer, Refuses Service (VIDEO)","A customer at a New Orleans Family Dollar store was forced to endure a bigoted, anti-LGBT rant by a cashier on Friday, turning what should have been an ordinary shopping trip into a nightmare.Melissa Langford was simply minding her own business when she heard the cashier making a not-so-subtle announcement that she hated gay people. Langford recalled the experience on Facebook: It started off with the cashier loudly voicing her opinion on how much she hates gay people. After five or six minutes (or at least it felt like that long) of listening to her yell and preach to each customer about how  gay people need to get  the fuck , they got somethin wrong in they head, *edit* that she had the right to refuse service to anyone she wants, gays are sick  etc. Hearing this level of bigotry and hate broke Langford s heart, and she quickly became emotional and decided to speak up. I started to writhe away internally. I wanted to cry right then and there. In fact, I m crying right now  cuz yall didn t hear the hateful passion in her voice. She was so loud, so cruel, so uneducated  selfish and just outright mean  anyways .I spoke up.I said,  excuse me, but im very very gay and you re really offending me. Think what u want but keep it to yourself. And then, the cashier  flipped out.  While carrying on her homophobic rant, the woman behind the counter refused to serve Langford, and even denied service to the customer in front of her because they were both defending the rights of the LGBT community. At this point, Langford began recording the encounter with her cell phone. Langford said that when she started filming, the cashier calmed down slightly, as far as leaving the counter and goin by the exit just to not serve my gay ass. In the video, you can see the chaos unfold as Langford and the other customer argue with the cashier. You can hear the man in front of Langford shouting  You ignorant! Why are you going to hate on people for who they are, and they re spending their money here just like everybody else?  as the cashier continues to refuse service and rail against gay people.Here s what Langford was able to record:The encounter devastated Langford. She said: Im really upset. This is the worst antigay s t ive ever had to deal with in my 34 years. In the interview below, Langford shares her feelings on the awful incident: Featured image is a screenshot Now Langford wants an apology, but she hasn t gotten it yet. She had contacted Family Dollar headquarters, but hasn t gotten a response. According to NOLA.com, a manager at the store refused to do something about the cashier s behavior and said  I can t control nothing. [The employee] can say and do what she wants. Hopefully now that Langford s video and post has been shared thousands of times, the store will be forced to do something about this cashier s horrendous behavior. Featured image via screenshots",News,"April 25, 2016",0
"WMD FRAUD: Sexed-up UN ‘Chemical Weapons’ Report on Syria Contrived to Trigger More Sanctions, Intervention","21st Century Wire says When the UN  released its summary of their  chemical weapons  report on August 30th, the usual suspects   led by the US, UK and France, immediately rushed to their media pulpits to claim that this was  proof  that Syria, under the leadership of President Bashar al Assad, was somehow guilty (again) of the charge of  using chlorine bombs against its own people.  This latest UN report was the result of a year-long joint inquiry with the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. Before the full report was even released, western officials and their media surrogates began hysterically claiming that it was imperative for the UN Security Council to move for more sanctions against Syria, to impose a  Safe Zone  (No-Fly Zone) and to possibly give more license to increasing US-led military intervention in Syria. When confronted with the summary of the yet-to-be released report, Russian Ambassador to the UN, Vitaly Churkin, came straight out of the gates, stating it was wrong to jump to conclusions before actually reading the report, replying simply,  There are a number of questions which have to be clarified before we accept all the findings of the report. Russian Ambassador to the UN, Vitaly Churkin.This week the full report was finally released, and as it turns out   Russia s Churkin was 100% correct. The report, as with many other US-led attempts to fabricate cases of weapons of mass destruction against governments it wishes to depose, seems at the very least to be sexed-up, and at most   a completely fraudulent assessment of events on the ground in Syria. The only real conclusive findings in this report point to ISIS using sulfur mustard gas in Syria. Once again, the West, led by the United States, has attempted to position what appears to be another fabricated case against the Syrian government   and place that in the same report next to real findings of a malicious ISIS chemical weapons attack   in a somewhat crude attempt to conflate the two (ISIS and Assad) in the court of public opinion.Even worse than attempting to falsely attribute chemical weapons attacks to Syria and Assad, the UN is also guilty of ignoring witness testimonies that have said  chlorine attacks  were in fact staged by western-backed  rebels  (see details and assessment of the UN report below). POWELL & POWER: Same  WMD  fraud, different target nation. You could tell that a desperate agenda was in play judging by the over-the-top and leading statements made by US, UK and French representatives before the report was released two weeks ago.Of course, leading the charge, with a her summary of the yet-to-be released fraudulent assessment in hand, was R2P hawk and US Ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, who insisted that Syria must  pay a price . She added, It is incumbent on the council to act swiftly to show that when we put that Joint Investigative Mechanism in place we were serious about there being meaningful accountability. Once again, just like Colin Powell before her, and as with Iraq  the west brazenly touts another dodgy dossier, custom-made for yet another humanitarian stitch-up. British UN Ambassador Matthew Rycroft also joined-in the diplomatic pantomime, saying the UK is calling for the imposition of a sanctions regime and some form of accountability within international legal mechanisms. French UN Ambassador Francois Delattre demanded a  quick and strong security council response  and said,  We need a resolution with teeth.  Back in August 2013, Western and Saudi-backed  rebels  launched an elaborate media-driven  WMD  hoax also designed to assign blame to the Syrian Government for  sarin gas  attacks in East Ghouta, Damascus. Western newspapers ran photos of Assad with headlines like,  Now They re Gassing Their Own Children (image, above). On the back of that stunt, both the US and the UK even went so far as to press for a declaration of war vote in both their parliaments. Unfortunately for their military industrial complexes, the public did not buy it, but that hasn t discouraged them to keep on trying.What s more shocking however, is why the United Nations would allow its name to be attributed to such a fraudulent and misleading document   one that is clearly designed to bolster another bogus case for western military intervention. In the end, this type of self-interested abuse and manipulation by certain UN Security Council members only serves to damage the credibility of the UN as an international arbiter and the institution as a whole (maybe that s part of the West s agenda too).Verdict: The  evidence  presented in the UN report derives hearsay reporting only from  activists  and  rebels (listed terrorist groups), in effect, lowering the bar so that absolutely no burden of proof is required by accusing parties.Considering what is at stake, and knowing full-well just how the US, UK, France and its NATO allies have demonstrated they are willing to conjure any report of  chemical attacks by the regime  and will hold this up as a violation of Barack Obama and Washington s ethereal Red Line    this is leads immediately to calls to mount another  humanitarian  intervention.Joining in the party also, are the West s new instruments of war: high-profile  human rights  charities with links the US State Department. One such organization, Human Rights Watch, whose CEO Ken Roth has already been seen on multiple occasions tweeting fake Syria images in order to build the case for  regime change ,  called on the UN Security council to renew its resolution referring Syria to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. Louis Charbonneau, UN director at Human Rights Watch stated, Russia and China don t have a leg to stand on by continuing to obstruct the Security Council,  he said,  The Security Council diminishes its importance if it doesn t take strong action against demonstrated use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government.  To learn more about  Human Rights  NGOs are being used to support western imperial objectives read 21WIRE s detailed report on this subject:AN INTRODUCTION: SMART POWER & THE HUMAN RIGHTS INDUSTRIAL COMPLEXMore on the Washington s latest dodgy dossier from award-winning journalist Robert Parry Robert Parry  Consortium NewsUnited Nations investigators encountered evidence that alleged chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian military were staged by jihadist rebels and their supporters, but still decided to blame the government for two incidents in which chlorine was allegedly dispersed via improvised explosives dropped by helicopters.In both cases, the Syrian government denied that it had any aircraft in the areas at the times of the purported attacks, but the U.N. team rejected that explanation with the curious argument that Syria failed to provide flight records to corroborate the absence of any flights. Yet, if there had been no flights, there would be no flight records.The U.N. team also dismissed out of hand the possibility that jihadist rebels who had overrun some air bases and thus had operational helicopters at their disposal might have used them as part of a staged event designed to incriminate the Damascus regime and thus justify U.S. or other outside military intervention.Another problem with the U.N. team s findings is that the home-made chlorine bombs had minimal military value, inflicting relatively few casualties and only a handful of deaths.Why the Syrian government, which was under intense international pressure regarding alleged chemical weapons use and was in the process of surrendering its stockpile of such weapons, would have jerry-rigged a handful of homemade bombs and dropped them for no discernible military effect makes little sense.However, since Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has been thoroughly demonized over his harsh reaction to an uprising that began in 2011, pretty much any accusation against him   no matter how unlikely or implausible   is widely accepted in the mainstream Western media and political circles. In other words, the U.N. team was under pressure to reach a guilty verdict.Accusations of StagingYet, the evidence from at least one of the incidents examined by the U.N. team suggests that an attack on Al-Tamanah on the night of April 29-30, 2014, might well have been staged by rebels and then played up by activists through social media. Seven witnesses stated that frequent alerts [about an imminent chlorine weapons attack by the government] had been issued, but in fact no incidents with chemicals took place,  the U.N. report stated.  While people sought safety after the warnings, their homes were looted and rumours spread that the events were being staged.   [T]hey [these witnesses] had come forward to contest the wide-spread false media reports. Accounts from other people, who did allege that there had been a government chemical attack on Al-Tamanah, provided suspect evidence, including data from questionable sources, according to the U.N. report.The report said,  Three witnesses, who did not give any description of the incident on 29-30 April 2014, provided material of unknown source. One witness had second-hand knowledge of two of the five incidents in Al-Tamanah, but did not remember the exact dates. Later that witness provided a USB-stick with information of unknown origin, which was saved in separate folders according to the dates of all the five incidents mentioned by the FFM (the U.N. s Fact-Finding Mission). Another witness provided the dates of all five incidents reading it from a piece of paper, but did not provide any testimony on the incident on 29-30 April 2014. The latter also provided a video titled  site where second barrel containing toxic chlorine gas was dropped tamanaa 30 April 14 Some other witnesses alleging a Syrian government attack offered curious claims about detecting the chlorine-infused  barrel bombs  based on how the device sounded in its descent.The U.N. report said,  The eyewitness, who stated to have been on the roof, said to have heard a helicopter and the  very loud  sound of a falling barrel. Some interviewees had referred to a distinct whistling sound of barrels that contain chlorine as they fall. The witness statement could not be corroborated with any further information. As in other cases that were investigated, the U.N. team demanded that the Syrian government provide flight records to support its denial that any of its aircraft were in the air in that vicinity at the time of the attack. The Government of the Syrian Arab Republic stated that no military activities were conducted from land or air in Al-Tamanah on the dates of the incidents, but did not provide any records of flight operations to support this statement,  the U.N. report said.In the Al-Tamanah case, the U.N. team judged the evidence insufficient to reach a firm judgment regarding who was responsible. However, in two other cases, in Talmenes in April 2014 and Sarmin in March 2015, the U.N. team accused the Syrian military of dropping chlorine-infused  barrel bombs. Investigative LimitationsYet, regarding all eight cases that were examined, the U.N. team acknowledged significant limitations on its ability to investigate.The report said,  As was the case with the Fact-Finding missions, the lack of access to the locations under investigation due to the dire security situation on the ground affected the manner in which the Mechanism [a committee from the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons] was able to conduct its investigation. Visits to certain locations would have facilitated the ability of the Mechanism to (a) confirm and access specific locations of interest; (b) collect comparative environmental samples; (c) identify new witnesses; and (d) physically evaluate the material of interest to the Mechanism (e.g., remnants). Other challenges and constraints include the following factors: (a) the time period that had elapsed since the incident (i.e. in some cases, more than two years since the incident); (b) the lack of chain of custody for some of the material received; (c) the source of information and material was of secondary or tertiary nature; (d) some of the information material, including those depicting the size and nature of the incident, were misleading; (e) finding independent sources of information that could provide access to individuals and information material proved difficult; and (f) the impact locations were not preserved and were compromised by the time they were recorded (e.g., the videos and photographs of the impact locations were taken days after the incident and in many cases after the remnants had been removed from the impact location). In other words, the U.N./OPCW investigation was compromised by its inability to conduct an effective on-the-ground assessment and was forced to rely on witnesses who were often allied with the rebel forces or sympathetic to the political opposition to President Assad.This problem is reminiscent of what happened inside the U.S. Intelligence Community in the run-up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq when some 18 witnesses   supposedly  defectors  from Saddam Hussein s regime   became  walk-ins  who presented claims about the Iraqi government s supposed weapons of mass destruction.CIA analysts debunked some of these bogus claims and traced some of the deceit to the machinations of the pro-invasion Iraqi National Congress (INC), but   given the political-and-media hatred of Saddam Hussein   the CIA analysts were under intense pressure to accept some of the dubious accounts that were then incorporated into U.S. intelligence products and used to justify a war under false pretenses.As with Iraq   where the U.S. government had helped fund anti-regime groups such as the INC   a similar situation exists inside Syria where U.S. officials have assisted the  opposition  in organizing politically and mastering propaganda skills. So, the means and opportunity for depicting regime  atrocities  through social media are there, along with the motive.These activists   as well as the radical jihadists and other armed rebels   have become increasingly desperate to induce the United States to intervene militarily against the Syrian army and thus make their desired  regime change  possible. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Aug. 30, 2013, claims to have proof that the Syrian government was responsible for a chemical weapons attack on Aug. 21, 2013, but that evidence failed to materialize or was later discredited. [State Department photo]Obama s Red LineThe emphasis on creating a chemical weapons casus belli increased when President Barack Obama set the Syrian government s possible use of such weapons as a  red line  that might cause him to intervene directly with U.S. forces.That comment and the political pressure for instituting another Mideast  regime change  were the backdrop for the sarin gas attack outside Damascus on Aug. 21, 2013, which anti-Assad activists, the mainstream U.S. press, and the U.S. State Department immediately blamed on government forces.In the ensuing days, Obama came to the edge of authorizing a retaliatory military strike before hearing from U.S. and other Western intelligence services that they had doubts about who had actually pulled off the attack.Since then, the sarin case against Assad has largely collapsed (although to defuse the crisis he agreed to a Russian plan for Syria to surrender all its chemical weapons). The evidence now appears to indicate that radical jihadists released the sarin with the goal of goading Obama into joining the war on their side, i.e., a false-flag operation.As the sarin case fell apart in 2014, the U.S. government shifted its emphasis toward chlorine-gas allegations. I first encountered this bait-and-switch tactic when I pressed a senior State Department official to back up or back off the increasingly discredited sarin gas claims.While sidestepping the sarin case, the official asserted that the Syrian government almost surely was responsible for the more recent chlorine-gas incidents, citing the bombs  delivery by helicopter and arguing that only the Syrian government possessed such aircraft.According to the U.N. report, however, that belief regarding the government s monopoly of helicopters may not be true, since rebel forces had captured air bases where operational helicopters were present. That means, at least theoretically, the jihadists could have staged the night-time attacks   complete with prior alarms spread by activist first-responders, known as  white helmets,  about the imminent arrival of  government  helicopters with chlorine bombs.But the more nettlesome question, which the U.N. report does not address, is why would the Syrian government launch these strange attacks while realizing that any chemical weapons incident could prompt U.S. military intervention that could tip the war in favor of the jihadists and other rebels, especially since the chlorine attacks had virtually no military value.Few FatalitiesWhile the makeshift chlorine bombs may have sent scores of civilians to get medical attention, very few of the casualties were fatal, according to the U.N. report. By contrast, the Aug. 21, 2013 sarin attack killed hundreds, with the U.S. government putting out an even higher (and almost surely exaggerated) number of 1,429 dead Continue this report at Consortium NewsREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",Middle-east,"September 9, 2016",0
Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitaries deploy to Syrian border,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Shi ite paramilitary groups have deployed to the frontier to back up border guard forces who came under fire from within Syria over the past three days, one of their commanders said on Friday. There was no immediate word on who opened fire from Syrian  territory, but forces arrayed against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria expect the group will resort to guerrilla warfare after losing its urban bastions earlier this year.  After several Iraqi border guard positions came under several attacks by missiles, and backup from security forces was late, the 13th brigade of the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) was deployed and targeted the origins of the launch,  PMF commander for west Anbar, Qassem Mesleh, said in a statement.  Operations command and the infantry brigade are now present on the Iraqi-Syrian border in border guard positions to repel any attack or movement by the enemy,  Mesleh said.   This area is not within the PMF s remit but it is our duty to back up all security forces.  The PMF is an umbrella grouping of mostly Iran-backed and trained Shi ite militias that formally report to Iraq s prime minister but are separate from the military and police. Sunni Muslims and Kurds have called on Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to disarm the PMF, which they say are responsible for widespread abuses against their communities. An Iraqi military spokesman confirmed the deployment. Brigadier General Yahya Rasool told Reuters it was temporary, however, and  very normal  because it was the PMF s duty to back up government forces. The PMF were officially made part of the Iraqi security establishment by law and formally answer to Abadi in his capacity as commander-in-chief of the armed forces. Abadi has said the state should have a monopoly on the legitimate use of arms. Iraqi forces on Dec. 9 recaptured the last swathes of territory still under Islamic State control along the frontier with Syria and secured the western desert.  It marked the end of the war against the militants, three years after they overran about a third of Iraq s territory. Rasool, the military spokesman, denied backup to the border guards had been late.  The primary responsibility for the borders lies with the border guards and the army, however,  said Rasool. He said Iraqi forces coordinate with both the Syrian army, which is backed by Russia, Iran and Iran-backed Shi ite militias, and the U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias known as the Syrian Democratic Forces opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. He said parts of Syria - including many areas on the border with Iraq - were still under Islamic State control. ",worldnews,"December 22, 2017 ",1
"Trump, Republicans to showcase tax cut for businesses","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and top Republicans in Congress are about to show how aggressively they intend to cut the corporate tax rate, while trying to avoid the appearance of favoring the wealthy. The “Big Six” team of Republican tax policy makers is expected to release a plan on Wednesday targeting tax cuts for businesses, but offering few clues about how to replace reduced federal revenues, said lobbyists and congressional sources. Under pressure from corporate America, the team is expected to call for a corporate income tax target rate possibly within a range of 18-23 percent, down from the current rate of 35 percent. But the Big Six, which includes top Trump aides and congressional Republican leaders, is expected to refrain from cutting the top individual tax rate of 39.6 percent, in a risky step that many Republicans in the House of Representatives could find hard to swallow. “They’re not going to cut the highest income tax rate. They’re not,” predicted Stephen Moore, a fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank. Moore helped write Trump’s campaign tax plan. Overhauling the tax code was a key pledge for Trump in his 2016 presidential campaign. But after eight months in office, he has made only limited progress. Washington has achieved no major tax overhaul since 1986. Trump portrays lower corporate taxes as a boon to workers, saying they would lead to more jobs and higher salaries. A rate cut on corporate profits could also be used to benefit shareholders and to offer up more executive bonuses, however. “The details leaking out of the Big Six meetings paint a clear picture of an unprecedented tax giveaway for the most fortunate and biggest corporations,” Senator Ron Wyden, top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said this week. The Big Six — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and two tax committee chairmen — have been working on their plan for months.  But they are still undecided on key issues, including whether to let businesses write off new investments immediately; how to lower tax rates for small businesses; and whether to cut middle-class taxes simply by doubling the standard deduction for individuals and families, according to lobbyists. Resolving such issues will help determine how aggressively Republicans can cut corporate taxes. Lobbyists said they do not expect the Big Six to offer many details about the tax loopholes and deductions that could be eliminated to help pay for tax cuts. “Our expectation is that it will be a bold transformative tax reform. That would mean a dramatic corporate rate cut, an aggressive stripping out of set-asides and special interest carve-outs and simplification,” said Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity, a political group backed by billionaire conservatives Charles and David Koch. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom declined to comment on the blueprint. “We have always said that tax reform will include lowering rates, closing loopholes and broadening the base by ending special interest tax breaks. Those priorities will be reflected in the plan,” she said.  The Big Six will likely address the estimated $2.6 trillion in U.S. corporate profits held overseas by requiring companies to bring the money home at rates of 3.5 percent for reinvested profits and 8.75 percent for on cash and equivalents, lobbyists said.  To offset lost revenue, the Trump administration plans to forecast a flood of new tax revenue in coming years, based on aggressive assumptions of tax-fueled economic expansion. But Senate Republicans have shown signs of moving away from such “dynamic” scoring of any tax legislation impact.  Two senators, including a prominent fiscal hawk, agreed this week to a “static” score that could allow tax reform to lose up to $1.5 trillion over the next decade. Senate Republicans also are likely to avoid budget baseline changes to generate savings for tax reform on paper. That could well mean the Big Six plan would balloon the federal budget deficit. “Without those, the price goes up. There’s no other way to look at it,” said John Gimigliano, a former House Ways and Means Committee tax counsel who leads federal legislative and regulatory services at KPMG LLP. ",politicsNews,"September 22, 2017 ",1
MEDIA GOES NUTS After Trump Tweets HILARIOUS VIDEO Showing Him Body-Slamming CNN,"President Trump on Sunday tweeted a video of him body-slamming World Wrestling Entertainment Chairman Vince McMahon whose face was replaced by the CNN logo.The tweet, which said,  #FraudNewsCNN #FNN,  linked to a video of the president decking, pummeling and then shaving off McMahon s hair during a  Battle of the Billionaires  stunt at WrestleMania XXIII in 2007.#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017McMahon is the husband of Linda McMahon, who heads Trump s Small Business Administration.President Barack Obama hosted felon and radical organizer Bob Creamer (the guy who was caught on video talking about how he was organizing paid protesters to incite violence at Trump rallies) at the White House over 100 times while he was in office. After the undercover video was released that exposed the Democrats plan to incite violence against innocent Trump supporters, the media was silent. The media was also silent when it was discovered that Obama s Attorney General Eric Holder, used taxpayer funds to pay people to protest against George Zimmerman in the heated Trayvon Martin case, which was the birthplace of the violent Black Lives Matter movement. Those protests marked the first step in Obama s plan to divide America.In a statement on Twitter, CNN recalled comments from White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders last week that the president doesn t condone violence against the media. The President in no way form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence. If anything, quite the contrary.    @SHSanders45 6/29/17,  the CNN tweet said.Bipartisan condemnation against the take-down video continued to build Sunday morning.GOP Rep. Eric Swalwell urged all Republicans to rebuke the Tweet or be complicit in its message. I am calling on EVERY @HouseGOP Member of Congress to condemn this. You were elected to be a check on power. Check it, or you condone it,  the California representative tweeted on Sunday.Minority House Leader Nancy Pelosi also blasted the tweet. Violence & violent imagery to bully the press must be rejected. This #July4th, celebrate freedom of the press, guardians to our democracy,  she wrote on Twitter.Paul Joseph Watson sums up the media hypocrisy beautifully with this one tweet:Trump is ""inciting violence"" with a wrestling meme, says same media that literally painted a crosshair target on Trump's head. pic.twitter.com/m8V8XjYHU0  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 2, 2017A Trump administration official said he doesn t view Trump s tweet as inciting violence against the media. Certainly not, though I think that no one would perceive that as a threat. I hope they don t. I do think that [Trump is] beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to,  Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert said on ABC s  This Week. He said cable news shows are  not always very fair to the president,  who developed a social media platform to speak directly to the  American people. Trump is  the most genuine president and the most non-politician president we ve seen in my lifetime,  he said.Watch #FakeNewsCNN  experts  call Trump  Dangerous  and a  Fascist :The president was also the subject of bipartisan scorn last Thursday when he posted the  bleeding badly  tweet about Brzezinski, with many lawmakers saying it was beneath the dignity of the office.Trump defended his use of social media in a tweet on Saturday. My use of social media is not Presidential   it s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!,  he wrote. NYPNOTE TO CNN: Re-tweeting a video that s been around for years showing a fake body-slam by then businessman Trump is a far cry from promoting violence. If you were so concerned about violence, why didn t you do any stories on felon, husband of a United States Congresswoman and Democrat operative who was caught on tape planning to incite violence at Trump rallies before he even became our President? ",politics,"Jul 2, 2017",0
 Republicans Get Skewered On Twitter After Hilarious #GOPMovies Hashtag Goes Viral (TWEETS/VIDEO),"The Republican party has become the butt of nearly every single political joke, and they have only themselves to blame for turning the GOP into a laughing-stock. With the ridiculous antics of the party s presidential candidates and politicians, there isn t a day that goes by that conservatives aren t making Americans shake their heads in either shame or disbelief.Comedy Central s late-night show  @midnight  decided to have fun with the GOP by challenging Americans to come up with new titles for classic movies, but with a Republican spin. Using the #hashtagwars segment of the show, host Chris Hardwick asked his guests to come up with new GOP-related movie titles on the spot, and it was absolutely hilarious. You can watch the segment below:Here were some of the highlights:TwitterTwitterTwitterThe #GOPMovies hashtag produced so many comedic results, that Comedy Central encouraged Twitter users to join in on ripping Republicans. The network tweeted:  For all we know, #GOPMovies are our future! Check out these examples and give us your own! Twitter was more than happy to oblige. According to social media analytics firm Zoomph, the #GOPMovies hashtag was tweeted out approximately 20 times per minute as users scrambled to capture the Republican party s racism, bigotry and all-around hateful rhetoric in their revamped movie titles. Hardwick even joined in with his own:  Saving Paul Ryan    a jab the speaker of the House of Representatives.Here are some of the other amazing responses:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterDonald Trump was also a major topic in #GOPMovies. Just the front-runner s hair alone got a lot of responses:TwitterTwitterSo did Trump s skin:TwitterAnd his anger issues:TwitterTwitterSeriously, Trump could have gotten his own hashtag. Many Twitter users also took aim at the front-runner s other antics, including his promise to  build a great wall , his 1% status and his alliance with Sarah Palin.TwitterTwitterTwitterThe Republican party s war on women was also a major point of discussion:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterAs was the GOP s obsession with being racist and hurting minorities:TwitterTwitterAll of the responses were amazing, but this tweet pretty much summed #GOPMovies up for everyone:Twitter#GOPMovies marks the second time that Comedy Central has taken a major jab at Republicans in the last few months. Last year, Hardwick and Comedy Central hit back at the GOP with the hashtag #GOPSongs right before the Dec. 15th GOP debate in Las Vegas. Just like #GOPMovies, it went viral, proving that Americans don t even take Republicans seriously anymore.One thing is for sure   these tweets deserve an award for perfectly capturing how awful and depressing the GOP is while making us laugh.Featured image is a screenshot",News,"February 25, 2016",0
HA! YOU WON’T BELIEVE HILLARY’S LUXURY “SCOOBY” VAN!,"Everyone s been asking where the Hillary van is So Hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-I thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? This monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! Ouch!The van, however, isn t an everyday minivan or even a full-sized van. It s a luxury vehicle outiftted with top amenities.Specifically: It s a limited edition Chevrolet Express van upfitted with a Limited SE packed by Explorer Vans company  It s very luxurious,  a salesman who helped deliver this vehicle tells me on the phone.  I d rank it up there with the best. The model being used to chauffeur Hillary Clinton around has a gray leather interior, heated seat, a 29 inch Samsung television, and a Blu-ray DVD player.There is no refrigerator in the van. However, Hillary s model does feature an ice chest between the two front seats. (Which might have been used to keep her cottage cheese cold.) The middle chairs are swivel and quick release. Indirect lighting (like mood lighting) throughout the vans.Oh, and there s a bed. The power sofa in the rear of the vehicle converts into a bed. But given the fact it s only a 6 foot wide vehicle, it might have been a little hard to get a proper night s sleep in it.But it s not exactly great for the environment. It s a 2014 model all-wheel-drive that gets only 16-18 miles per gallon.READ MORE: WEEKLY STANDARD",Government News,"Apr 14, 2015",0
"U.S. Navy carrier drills with Japanese, Indian navy in Sea of Japan","TOKYO (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy carrier, the USS Ronald Reagan, conducted three days of drills with a Japanese destroyer and two Indian warships in the Sea of Japan, Japan s navy said on Tuesday. The exercise involving five ships, which ended Monday, came amid heightened tension in the region over North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear tests and as U.S. President Donald Trump began a 12-day tour of Asia beginning in Japan on Sunday.  The exercise helped improve fighting skills and deepened cooperation with India,  Japan s Maritime Self Defence Force said in a press release. The 100,000-ton Reagan, which is based in Japan carries around 70 combat aircraft and is the U.S. Navy s most powerful warship in Asia. The Reagan will join two other carriers in the Western Pacific, the USS Nimitz and USS Theodore Roosevelt, in a potent reminder to Pyongyang of the U.S. ability to rapidly mobilize military force, U.S. officials told Reuters earlier.  ",worldnews,"November 7, 2017 ",1
Belgian judge to decide on warrant for ex-Catalan leader on Dec. 14: lawyer,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Belgian judge will decide on the exercising of a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Dec. 14, his lawyers said on Monday. Puigdemont and four of his ministers left Spain after his regional government was sacked by Madrid for unilaterally declaring Catalonia independent following a referendum on secession that court authorities in Madrid had ruled was illegal. They face an arrest warrant from Spain with charges of rebellion and sedition. Paul Bekaert, one of Puigdemont s lawyers, said a decision on the execution of the arrest warrant would be made on Dec. 14. A Brussels court last month spared Puigdemont custody but ruled he could not leave Belgium without a judge s consent. ",worldnews,"December 4, 2017 ",1
 21 Hilarious Memes Of The Bundy/Oregon Standoff (IMAGES),"With the standoff in Oregon ongoing, one can t help but laugh at the silliness of the so-called Citizens for Constitutional Freedom and their antics. Although it s always good to find humor in any situation, one can t help but wonder if a group of armed African Americans did the same thing, what the repercussions would be. Would they have been coddled by law enforcement in the same way? What about a group of Muslims? Can you imagine what would have happened if a group of armed Muslims took over some compound? Talk about a formula for a  shootout! The double standard is clear.Instead, the Bundy boys, along with their bearded homies, have been coddled by law enforcement. Although they haven t created the so-called change they ve been asking for they have become celebrities, getting airtime on a host of news outlets throughout the standoff. Odds are if they were African American or Muslim, they d probably be in jail, a hospital, or much worse.In any case, let s have some fun with these funny guys. Let the memes begin!Via Anonymous via Bobvia Bobvia Bobvia Bobvia Anonymousvia Jerimiah Pembertonvia JFvia JFvia Mark Williamsvia Matt Jonesvia Pads for Patriotsvia Pee Farty Hatriotsvia The Politiburo of Teabilly Mockeryvia Ronald Reagan was a Secret Muslimvia SEvia Y all Qaedavia Y all Qaedavia Pads for Patriotsvia Pads for Patriotsvia Pee Farty HatriotsAnd there you have it. These guys won t be remembered for standing up for a just cause but for their boneheaded approach and for the double standard that as a country, we need to work on.Feature Image Via Bob/Facebook ",News,"January 9, 2016",0
Fire in South Korean fitness center kills 29,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A fire in an eight-storey fitness center in the scenic South Korean city of Jecheon on Thursday killed at least 29 people, most of them as they were taking a sauna, officials said. The blaze began in a car parked on the first floor and spread, one official told Reuters. The local fire station said at least 12 women and three men were known to have died. Thirteen bodies were unrecognizable. The fire station official said most of the victims were found in the sauna, and the main cause of the death was suffocation rather than burns. The casualty toll was likely to rise as efforts to find victims remained in progress, fire station officials said. Heavy smoke charred glass facades of the building as firefighters struggled to extinguish the blaze, some climbing up and down a ladder in desperate search of survivors. Local news channel YTN said President Moon Jae-in voiced deep sorrow for so many deaths while Prime Minister Lee Nak-yeon vowed to expedite rescue efforts to try to minimize the number of dead and injured. Jecheon is southeast of the capital Seoul and is popular with visitors to its mountains and lakes. ",worldnews,"December 21, 2017 ",1
BREAKING: 19 Yr Old Man ARRESTED After Trying To Steal Officers Gun To KILL TRUMP At Las Vegas Rally,"Just another deranged leftist. From the registered Democrat Muslim terrorist in Orlando to the casual 19 year old Californian freak who travelled to Las Vegas in hopes of killing Trump there doesn t seem to be any shortage of hate from the Left in America A federal officer says a man arrested at a Donald Trump rally in Las Vegas told authorities he tried to grab an officer s gun so he could kill the candidate.A complaint filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Nevada charges Michael Steven Sandford with an act of violence on restricted grounds.It cites a report by Special Agent Swierkowski, whose first name was not included, saying Sandford told officers he drove from California to kill Trump and went to a Las Vegas gun range, the day before the Saturday rally, to learn to shoot.Sandford later went to a Trump rally at the Treasure Island Casino and approached a Las Vegas police officer to say he wanted an autograph from Trump.The report says Sandford was arrested after grabbing the handle of an officer s gun in an attempt to remove it.Via: NBC",politics,"Jun 20, 2016",0
LOONY CALIFORNIA SECESSION Group Proclaims They’ve Opened An Embassy…In Russia [Video],"California gained an embassy in Russia last weekend, at least in the eyes of those who have promised to seek a statewide vote on secession, nicknamed  Calexit,  in 2018.Louis Marinelli, a San Diego resident who is the leader of the group promoting an effort to turn the state into an independent country, organized the Moscow event that was publicized on social media. We want to start laying the groundwork for a dialogue about an independent California joining the United Nations now,  he said in an email Monday.Read more: LA Times",Government News,"Dec 21, 2016",0
HOW HILLARY DESTROYED This Man’s Life To Hide Her Incompetence In #Benghazi,"Does anyone even care that this American man was picked out of thin air to be used as a scape goat to cover for Hillary s incompetence? One day he s an innocent man making third rate videos and posting them on Youtube, and the next day, he s being hauled off to jail for a video he produced that Hillary and her lying staff claimed inspired a terror attack in Benghazi! This could have been any American. Of all the evil things Hillary has done, this has to rank at the top, just below the four dead Americans who she left unprotected to die in Benghazi. Yet, the Benghazi Butcher rolls on without missing a beat, as the mainstream media cheers her on like she s the horse they re betting on at the Kentucky Derby In September 2012 Hillary blamed an  awful internet video  for the deaths of four American heroes in Benghazi.Hillary Clinton made the statements as the bodies of the four dead Americans were brought back to US soil.She made the public comments just three days after the assault on the compound that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty.But thanks to leaked Wikileaks emails we now know that Hillary Clinton wrote Chelsea during the Benghazi attacks telling her Americans were killed by an al-Qaeda like group.Hillary later lied and blamed the attack on a YouTube video. And the director of the YouTube video was later arrested.Nakoula Basseley Nakoula (C) is escorted out of his home by Los Angeles County Sheriff s officers in Cerritos, California September 15, 2012 (Reuters / Bret Hartman)Four years after the deadly Benghazi terrorist attack Hillary Clinton is running for president and Nakoula Basseley Nakoula is broke, destitute and living in a homeless shelter.And ISIS is in control of much of Libya.FOX News reported:Four Americans died in the 2012 terror attack in Benghazi, and those who survived saw their stories of heroism told in a Hollywood movie, but the filmmaker whose work was wrongly blamed for touching off the event lives in obscurity, poverty and fear, FoxNews.com has learned.Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the Coptic Christian whose short video  The Innocence of Muslims  was initially faulted for sparking the Sept. 11, 2012 terror attack at U.S. diplomatic compounds in Libya, is now living in a homeless shelter run by First Southern Baptist Church in Buena Park, Calif. He has served time in prison, been shamed publicly by the White House and threatened with death. Hmmm I wonder if Hillary is willing to  cough up  (pun intended) a few of her secret service agents to help protect the life of this innocent man, who will forever live in the fear of being killed by Muslim extremists.",politics,"Sep 14, 2016",0
Trump launches petition against NFL players' anthem protests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has stepped up the pressure on the National Football League over protests by its players during the national anthem by launching a petition and asking his supporters to show their patriotism by backing it. The move came after NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell this week rejected Trump’s calls to punish players who kneel for the anthem to protest racism. Trump has said the protests are unpatriotic and disrespectful of military veterans. “The President has asked for a list of supporters who stand for the National Anthem. Add your name below to show your patriotism and support,” said the petition issued on Thursday by the Trump Make America Great Again Committee, a fundraising organization for Trump and Vice President Mike Pence. The petition was published on the Republican National Committee website. It did not indicate how many signatures had been received. Players kneeling during “The Star-Spangled Banner” are protesting the killing of unarmed black men and boys by police across the United States, as well as racial disparities in the country’s criminal justice system. More than half of all NFL players are black. Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who first popularized the gesture last year, said he settled on kneeling as a form of protest because it is widely seen as a gesture of respect. Goodell said on Wednesday after a meeting of league owners  that the NFL would continue to nurture players’ efforts to fight racial disparities in the criminal justice system, believing this would make the urge to protest fade. Trump has repeatedly expressed disdain for the protests since a rally in September. In a Twitter post on Wednesday, he called the NFL’s decision, “Too much talk, not enough action.” ",politicsNews,"October 20, 2017 ",1
Trump says democracy must be restored in Venezuela soon,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday he wanted democracy restored soon in Venezuela and warned that the United States might take additional measures to apply pressure on the oil-producing nation. At a dinner with Latin American leaders on the fringes of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump said the Venezuelan people were starving and their country, once one of the wealthiest, was collapsing.     Brazilian President Michel Temer told reporters afterwards that all present at the dinner agreed on the need to ramp up international pressure on the Socialist government of President Nicol s Maduro but without intervening directly in Venezuela. The United States has applied financial sanctions against Venezuela, the supplier of 10 percent of the oil it consumes, and Trump said his government is prepared to take additional steps if Maduro continues on a path to authoritarian rule. Saying the situation in Venezuela was  completely unacceptable,  Trump called for a full restoration of democracy and political freedoms.  We want it to happen very soon.  Besides Temer, Trump invited presidents Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia, Juan Carlos Varela of Panama and Argentine Vice President Gabriela Michetti to the dinner with their foreign ministers. At least 125 people have been killed in four months of protests against the Maduro government, which has resisted calls to bring forward the presidential election and instead set up a pro-Maduro legislative superbody called a Constituent Assembly that has overruled the country s opposition-led Congress.   To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule,  Trump said at the dinner.       Maduro has blamed Venezuela s financial troubles on an alleged  economic war  by domestic opponents and the United States. Latin American governments have called for negotiations to resolve the crisis through a peaceful transition to democracy, especially Colombia and Brazil which have long borders with Venezuela and are receiving tens of thousands of Venezuelans fleeing the economic chaos and political turmoil. While the Trump administration has imposed financial sanctions and Trump has called for tougher action, Latin American leaders have stuck to diplomatic sanctions and ruled out a military intervention, an option Trump has mentioned.  Evidently, everyone at the table wants a democratic solution in Venezuela, but no one wants a foreign intervention,  Temer said. Sanctions were not discussed at the dinner, the Brazilian leader said.  We are talking about verbal sanctions, with democratic words, diplomatic words,  Temer said. ",worldnews,"September 18, 2017 ",1
"Puerto Rico holding call with creditors, to tweak restructuring plan: official","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico is talking to creditors on Friday to discuss adjusting its long-anticipated restructuring plan unveiled in September, its Government Development Bank president Melba Acosta said in a statement.  Facing $70 billion in debt and a 45 percent poverty rate, Puerto Rico is trying to solve an economic crisis before it hits substantial debt payments in May and July. It has defaulted on some of its debt and is trying to persuade creditors to take concessions.  In September, Puerto Rico officials unveiled the sweeping Puerto Rico Fiscal and Economic Growth Plan (FEGP), which included cuts to teacher pensions, a new financial control board and restructuring $18 billion of debt due in the coming five years. The proposed plan was subject to negotiation with creditors and relied on significant action from Washington as well as passing legislative hurdles in the U.S. territory.  “The FEGP is being revised given the recent reduction in revenue projections already reported by PR Treasury,” Acosta said, adding that it would be extended from five years to ten. A conference call with creditors is taking place on Friday, she said.  “Given this, the restructuring proposal is being adjusted accordingly,” she said.  The island’s Treasury said in December it had revised revenue estimates for the full year 2016 to $9.3 billion from $9.8 billion, a $508 million reduction. ",politicsNews,"January 15, 2016 ",1
Senators urge Trump administration to act on Myanmar Rohingya,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of Republican and Democratic senators urged the Trump administration on Thursday to use the “full weight” of its influence to help resolve the Rohingya crisis in Myanmar and Bangladesh, in which over 480,000 people have fled their homes. A letter seen by Reuters and signed by four Republican and 17 Democratic members of the 100-seat Senate also calls on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Agency for International Development Administrator Mark Green to provide more humanitarian aid. “Despite international condemnation, the Burmese authorities incredibly continue to deny the atrocities,” said the letter. It also notes that current U.S. law, including the Global Magnitsky Act, allows Trump to impose sanctions on people responsible for gross violations of human rights. ",politicsNews,"September 28, 2017 ",1
Trump ally Stone may face House intelligence subpoena: lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Roger Stone, a longtime ally of President Donald Trump, refused to respond to one line of questioning from members of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Tuesday and could face a subpoena to return and answer them, the panel’s top Democrat said. “Hopefully, he will cooperate in the future. If not, it will be necessary to subpoena him to bring him back to answer those important questions,” Representative Adam Schiff told reporters after Stone completed a three-hour meeting with committee members. ",politicsNews,"September 26, 2017 ",1
Treasury's Mnuchin says Trump does not want trade wars,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that the Trump administration has no desire to get into trade wars, but  certain trade relationships need to be re-examined to make them fairer for U.S. workers. At a news conference with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, Mnuchin said that President Donald Trump views trade as important for economic growth. But when asked whether the Group of 20 finance ministers should explicitly reaffirm their past vow to resist protectionism, Mnuchin repeated his view that some U.S. trade relationships need to be re-examined to make them fairer and more reciprocal.  “It is not our desire to get into trade wars,” Mnuchin said. “The president does believe in free trade but he wants free and fair trade.” Differences over trade could become a sticking point for  G20 finance officials at a meeting in the spa town of Baden-Baden, Germany this weekend. Schaeuble told Reuters in an interview that it was unclear whether the anti-protectionism language would remain in the G20 statement to be issued at the meeting’s close on Saturday.  Given that Trump’s “America First” agenda, trade issues could be set aside for G20 leaders to tackle at a summit in July, Schaeuble said. But both Schaeuble and Mnuchin both said they had a constructive discussion ahead of the G20 meeting and pledged to work together through differences to promote growth. “It was a good start,” Schaeuble said of the meeting, adding that it was a positive sign for international cooperation and the G20 process. “We have found a good basis to talk openly about issues where we don’t have the same stance from the outset,” Schaeuble said. Mnuchin said the ministers agreed that they should fight currency manipulation. The US Treasury chief declined to comment specifically on the euro’s current value, but in a shift away from criticism by White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro that Germany has benefited unfairly from the euro’s weakness, Mnuchin acknowledged that the euro is used by many countries and is affected by many factors.  “It is different than a single currency controlled by a single country,” Mnuchin said of the euro. He also said that for trade, he views the European Union as both a single bloc as well as individual countries. Regarding the U.S. dollar, Mnuchin reiterated his view that a strengthening dollar was good for the long run, but declined to comment on short term movements in the dollar. In recent weeks, he has said that short-term dollar spikes can be negative for the U.S. economy. “I believe that in the long-term best interests, the strengthening of the dollar is a good thing and I think that the long term strengthening of the dollar is a sign of confidence in the reserve currency,” he said. ",politicsNews,"March 16, 2017 ",1
"Trump talks trade with EU, varied differences remain","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A smiling Donald Trump offered European Union chiefs assurances on security in Brussels on Thursday but EU officials did not conceal lingering differences with the U.S. president over Russia, trade and climate change. “The leaders discussed ... shared challenges in fighting global terrorism,” the White House said in a statement.  “They agreed on the need to work together to deepen our security cooperation in fighting ISIS (Islamic State), combating radicalisation and responding to other common threats.” In talks before a summit of NATO leaders at the Atlantic military alliance’s headquarters across town, an EU source said Trump had also voiced fears that Brexit could cost U.S. jobs — a possible sign of second thoughts on support for the British vote to leave which stunned the bloc.  And Trump also agreed to setting up a joint EU-U.S. “action plan” on trade, in an indication the new occupant of the White House is not as set on shunning free trade deals and promoting protectionism as some in Europe had feared he might. The White House said “the United States and the European Union should deepen our strong economic relationship” and spoke of a need to protect U.S. and EU industries from “unfair competition” — a shared concern coming, notably, from China. Nonetheless, European Council President Donald Tusk indicated, there was less than a meeting of minds on trade and other issues, despite the cordiality of Trump’s welcome. “We agreed on many areas, first and foremost on counter-terrorism,” Tusk said after he and EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker met Trump for over an hour.  “But some issues remain open, like climate and trade.” European leaders have been urging Trump not to abandon the U.S. commitment to cutting greenhouse gas emissions made when his predecessor Barack Obama signed up to the U.N. Paris accord. Tusk also said he did not feel he and Trump were on exactly the same page in terms of dealing with Russian President Vladimir Putin, although they agreed on efforts to end conflict in Ukraine which the West blames on Moscow and which has resulted in both EU and U.S. economic sanctions on Russia. A spokeswoman for Juncker, the president of the European Commission which had been negotiating an ambitious free trade deal with Washington known as TTIP before Trump’s upset election victory, said the two sides would work to increase trade. “Intensifying trade cooperation ... is a win-win situation for both sides,” the EU spokeswoman said. “It was agreed to start work on a joint action plan on trade.” Juncker declined comment on whether talks in the coming weeks might revive TTIP. Trump has made clear his dislike of multilateral trade agreements, pulling out of the TPP agreement with Asian states. However, European leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, have suggested he is warming to trade talks with the EU, which unifies trade rules for all 28 states. Trump irritated EU leaders during his election campaign last year by hailing Brexit and suggesting other countries might follow Britain out of the 28-nation bloc. Eurosceptic leaders said he would offer Britain a free trade deal once it left. However, EU officials believe Trump has come to appreciate more since taking office the value of European integration to U.S. interests. U.S. businesses have taken advantage of its single market to reduce the costs of exporting to Europe. An EU source said Trump had told Tusk and Juncker he was now worried that Americans may lose jobs as a result of Britain leaving the EU in 2019: He “expressed concern that jobs in the U.S. would be lost because of Brexit”, the source said. EU officials said the meeting had been constructive and friendly. Tusk and Juncker joked with Trump about the EU having “two presidents” and being “too complicated”. The U.S. leader appeared to mix the two of them up during remarks in January, deepening concerns in Brussels that the reality TV star in the White House failed to take the European Union seriously. Trump waxed lyrical about his first foreign trip, which has offered distraction to ethics questions at home, notably over alleged campaign ties to Russia. Pope Francis is “terrific”, Trump told Tusk and Juncker, and his welcome in Saudi Arabia was “beyond anything anyone’s ever seen”. Tusk, a Communist-era dissident who once listed Trump among risks to the world order alongside Russia, China and Islamist violence, said he had tried to impress on the billionaire U.S. president a need for Transatlantic cooperation to promote “values” like human rights and not just selfish “interests”. The White House said the meeting had “reaffirmed the strong bond between the United States and Europe, anchored in shared values and longstanding friendship.” ",politicsNews,"May 25, 2017 ",1
New sanctions aim to restrict Venezuela access to U.S. debt market,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that new sanctions imposed against Venezuela were aimed at hobbling the regime of President Nicolas Maduro by restricting the country s access to U.S. debt and equity markets.  We urge those within the regime, including those who have been sanctioned, to distance themselves from the violence and the dictatorship,  Mnuchin told reporters at the White House. He said the sanctions were not aimed at  changing leadership  in Venezuela.  White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said at the same news conference that United States had no plans to take military action in Venezuela, but that President Donald Trump intended to take advantage of  a broad range of ... integrated options  in the future. ",worldnews,"August 25, 2017 ",1
 Hillary NAILS Response To Trump’s Accusations Of ‘Playing The Woman Card’ (VIDEO),"As exit polls roll in for the latest batch of states to vote in this election cycle s hotly contested primaries, Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton turns her attentions to Donald Trump. Ever the unrepentant sexist, Trump recently accused Clinton of  playing the woman card  to get votes away from Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders. In her speech this evening as the latest primary votes roll in, the former Secretary of State addressed Trump s uncalled for comments. Clinton said: Now, the other day, Mr. Trump accused me of playing the, quote,  woman card.  Well, if fighting for women s healthcare and paid family leave and equal is  playing the woman card,  then DEAL ME IN! Secretary Clinton is right, of course. GOP sexists like Trump like to try and make people believe that women are equal citizens in this country. We are not; in fact, far from it. There is most definitely a war on women s reproductive health rights, the GOP refuses to pass equal pay laws, and sexism is rampant all over the place   including in this very presidential primary. People who accuse folks of playing the  woman card  or the  gay card  or the  black card  are simply bigots who don t understand the existence of systemic inequality.This response was right on the money, Secretary Clinton. Thank for letting that sexist imbecile Trump have it.Watch the video of her brilliant response below:Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",News,"April 26, 2016",0
"Trump wins Christie backing, marches toward Super Tuesday","FORT WORTH, Texas (Reuters) - Republican candidate Donald Trump on Friday won the surprise endorsement of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, the most prominent mainstream Republican to get behind the former reality TV star’s White House campaign. Christie said the billionaire front-runner has the best chance of beating Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election - although Clinton has yet to secure her party’s nomination.  The endorsement gives Trump a further lift before next week’s Super Tuesday nominating contests. It comes just a day after he took a battering from his two main rivals at a televised Republican debate.  Trump’s unorthodox candidacy has stirred controversy and shaken the Republican Party at its roots, but an increasing number of senior Republicans are becoming resigned to the idea he will be their candidate in November.      Trump is “rewriting the playbook,” said Christie, 53, who until two weeks ago was himself a rival for the Republican nomination. Christie dropped out after failing to muster much support for his candidacy.     Trump, 69, who has never held public office, has campaigned as a political outsider. He is riding a wave of voter anger at the slow economic recovery, illegal immigration and what he says is America’s diminishing role in the world.     “The best person to beat Hillary Clinton in November on that stage last night is undoubtedly Donald Trump,” Christie told a news conference on Friday, a day after the last Republican candidates’ debate before Super Tuesday. The debate marked a new, more aggressive approach for U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, 44, who has emerged as the Republican establishment’s challenger to Trump. The other main challenger at the debate was U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Trump has unsettled mainstream Republicans by winning three straight nominating contests - in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada. Polls show he is likely to win big in key primaries on Tuesday. “Since I started this whole thing I’ve been practically Number 1,” Trump said on Friday at a rally in Texas.  The 11 Republican nominating contests on Tuesday have a total of almost 600 delegates at stake, and could set Trump up to clinch the presidential nomination. Reuters/Ipsos polling data on Friday showed Trump ahead nationally in the Republican race with support at 44.2 percent, followed by Cruz at 20.7 percent and Rubio in third place at 14 percent.     On the Democratic side, former Secretary of State Clinton is battling U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Clinton and Sanders have been in a dead head over the past week, the Reuters/Ipsos data shows. Trump has vowed to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border to halt illegal immigration, called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and promised to take a tough stance on trade against China.   He was combative at a rally on Friday. He mocked Rubio, referred to violent Islamist militants as “these animals” and promised to defend Americans’ constitutional right to bear arms. “We’re going to build up our military, we’re going to knock out ISIS. We’re going to knock out ISIS fast,” he said, referring to the Islamic State militant group.  Wielding a water bottle as a prop, Trump made fun of Rubio for an awkward incident in which the senator grabbed for a drink of water off camera during an important televised speech in 2013.  Rubio and Cruz ganged up on Trump at Thursday’s debate in Houston in a last-ditch bid to keep him from winning in states on Super Tuesday.      Rubio on Friday again took aim at Trump. “He’s a con man who’s taking advantage of people’s fears and anxieties about the future, portraying himself as some sort of strong guy,” Rubio told reporters in Oklahoma. “He’s not a strong guy. He’s never faced real adversity before.” PredictWise, a research project that analyzes opinion polls and betting markets, said Trump would comfortably win among Republicans in all but one of the 11 Super Tuesday states that it measured. Cruz, 45, is likely to win in his home state of Texas, PredictWise said. Rubio’s home state of Florida is not part of the Super Tuesday contests. PredictIt, based out of Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, on Friday gave Trump a 73 percent chance of winning the nomination compared with a peak 75 percent chance two days earlier.      Trump’s swipes at rival candidates and heated exchanges with journalists and others have for months bolstered his standing in nominating contests and opinion polls.  In a post on Twitter, Trump took aim at Rubio, a first-term senator, for his debate performance. “Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a chocker (sic)! Mr. Meltdown.”   Republican strategist Doug Heye said Christie may have opened the door for more mainstream Republican endorsements of a man whose chances of winning the White House were seen as next to nil a year ago.     “If you’re the Trump campaign this is obviously very good news and it gives permission for others to endorse. But it also makes it hard (for Trump) to make the outsider argument,” he said.   Glenn Hubbard, who had been an adviser to the campaign of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and was chair of the Council of Economic Advisers during the George H.W. Bush administration, said he planned to keep up steady criticism of Trump on economic issues.  “I think it is time for serious people to stand up and be counted. The next few weeks come very quickly,” said Hubbard, who published a column in the Boston Globe on Friday criticizing Trump.  Hubbard, now dean of the business school at Columbia University, told Reuters he worried Trump’s comments already hurt the country’s image abroad and would hobble his ability to govern if elected.  (Additional reporting by Steve Holland, Clarece Polke, Howard Schneider and Susan Heavey in Washington and Melissa Fares and Chris Kahn in New York; Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by Howard Goller and Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",politicsNews,"February 26, 2016 ",1
"BLACK TV HOST HAMMERS RACIST MOOCH: ‘The only hope you have Michelle Obama, is that everybody will be as miserable as you”","SPOT ON RACHEL ZONATION The Obamas pride themselves on being staples in the black community who can do no wrong in the eyes of African Americans. Unfortunately for them, however, more and more black people are turning on the Obamas and seeing them for what they really are.After seeing Michelle Obama s graduation speech at the predominantly black Tuskegee University, TV show host Alfonso Rachel knew that he could stay silent no longer. He took to his internet talk show to slam the first lady in a video that has gotten over 25,000 views in just 3 days.Here s an excerpt of what he said: If knowledge is power and you are graduating with the power of knowledge then how are you going to tolerate this agitator coming in to convince you, that you re a victim, despite the power you re graduating with. You are the first freaking lady of the United States and you re still a spoiled butt-hurt victim, whining about unfairness. You re not interested in representing the United States, you re not interested in representing ALL the people, your interest is in representing the black community and as the first lady you have represented us as bitter and spoiled. The only hope that people like you have, Michelle Obama is that people will be as miserable as you. Via: MrConservative.com",politics,"May 21, 2015",0
 Donald Trump Humiliates Romney: He Would Have Dropped To His Knees To Get My Support (VIDEO),"Mitt Romney tried to confront Donald Trump head-on, but in the end, he was brutally humiliated just like Jeb Bush before him.Earlier today, Romney spoke out against Trump in a scathing speech that lasted for 20 minutes. Here s what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud,  Romney declared in an attempt to convince voters in other states to deny the Republican front-runner the nomination.  He s playing the members of the American public for suckers. He gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat. Romney hypocritically criticized Trump for not releasing tax returns, something the 2012 Republican nominee refused to do himself four years ago well into his race against President Obama, who went on to win a second term.Then he attacked Trump s foreign policy, focusing in particularly on his plan to ban all Muslims from entering the United States. Mr. Trump s bombast is already alarming our allies and fueling the enmity of our enemies. Insulting all Muslims will keep many of them from fully engaging with us in their urgent fight against ISIS, and for what purpose? Muslim terrorists would only have to lie about their religion to enter the country. Romney ended by urging Republicans to vote for someone who can beat Hillary Clinton.Here s the video of Romney s speech via YouTube:Well, it didn t take long for Donald Trump to fire back, and his response was devastating.Right out of the gate Trump reminded Romney that he lost in 2012 to President Obama and was a terrible candidate overall.It then Trump proceeded to humiliate Romney even further by telling of how the former Republican nominee begged for his endorsement. I don t know what happened to him. You can see how loyal he is. He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said Mitt  drop to your knees.  He would have dropped to his knees. Sounds like a pretty low blow to me, but it s exactly what Trump has done to destroy every Republican rival standing in his way thus far.Here s the video via YouTube:Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"March 3, 2016",0
FLASHBACK MEMORIAL DAY 2016: Donald Trump Speech With Rolling Thunder: “We’re gonna knock the h*ll out of ISIS!” [Video],"Donald Trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists, many of them military veterans, attending the annual Rolling Thunder gathering to honor the nation s soldier missing-in-action. The bikers have been great supporters of Trump as he mentioned last week:  I am doing it in honor of the great bikers who have been totally supportive of my campaign and now I want to be supportive of them. I look forward to it! GREAT! WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE AMERICA!",politics,"May 29, 2016",0
 The Guy Trump Wants In Charge Of The Environment LITERALLY Hates Puppies,"As we are watching names being floated as part of Donald Trump s cabinet, it seems our greatest nightmares are beginning to unfold. The names being bandied about include Rudy Giuliani, who s never met a young black man he didn t think was a criminal, Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan Chase and of crashing the economy fame, a Goldman Sachs exec, Sarah Palin and now, a puppy hater. Yes, a puppy hater.According to Politico, the top name for the Secretary of the Interior (the person in charge of the national parks and other public lands) is an oilman named Forrest Lucas. The San Francisco Gate also notes that other contenders include Sarah Palin, Arizona Governor Jan Brewer and Donald Trump Jr., who loves to trophy hunt.All of those picks would be disastrous for the environment, but Lucas is in a league of his own. He s the 74-year-old founder of Lucas Oil Products. He s also hated by animal rights activists. The victims of his financial attacks include the Humane Society, The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. He s also a fan of puppy mills.He has defended puppy mills, circuses, animal agriculture and trophy hunting. A nonprofit that he founded and bankrolled produced the feature film  The Dog Lover,  which portrays dog breeders and puppy mills as victims of animal-rights agencies  who aren t REALLY interested in animal welfare. A review of the movie on Roger Ebert s website called it  shamelessly manipulative  and  a pretty bald piece of anti-SPCA and/or PETA propaganda. This is what the Humane Society says about Lucas:In 2010, Forrest Lucas spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to bankroll the opposition to Proposition B in Missouri, which voters approved to set common-sense standards for the care of dogs in large-scale commercial breeding operations (their statement against Prop B can be found here). Lucas then supported an effort in the Missouri legislature to weaken and repeal parts of the voter-approved measure, before it even had a chance to take effect.In 2012, Forrest Lucas spent more than a quarter-million dollars opposing Measure 5 in North Dakota, which sought to establish felony-level penalties for malicious cruelty to dogs, cats and horses.In 2013, Protect the Harvest lobbied against a local ordinance in Harrison County, Indiana, to promote the spaying and neutering of pets and help reduce pet overpopulation, and in Crawford County, Indiana, to provide adequate shelter for dogs and protect them from the elements.Trump has made his views on regulation very clear. Trump, to our knowledge, has never had a pet. That may or may not be a big deal to you, but he once posted a press release that complained about regulations that protect the safety of dog food.It s becoming increasingly clear that Donald Trump only cares about protecting his fortune and the fortunes of his ilk. He won t care if people lose health insurance or if seniors lose Social Security. He won t care if the nation loses its precious public lands or if the environment goes to hell. Trump ran for president for Trump. Humans, dogs, plants and other animals can get screwed.Featured image via Lucas Oil propaganda video screen capture",News,"November 12, 2016",0
BREAKING: UK PRIME MINISTER David Cameron To Step Down…UKIP Leader Nigel Barage Celebrates Political Earthquake…Donald Trump Weighs In [VIDEO],"B..b but George Soros and Barack Obama told UK voters NOT to leave the EU. Is this historic vote a sign that voters in the UK are 100% FED Up with globalists telling them what to do? David Cameron stands down as British Prime Minister after voters trigger a political earthquake   and global market panic   by backing vote to leave the European Union in historic referendum. Prime Minister David Cameron has quit as prime minister but said he would stay on for three months It is the first time in its 59-year history that any of the 28 member states have requested to leave the EU Bank of England governor moved to reassure markets after pound slumped to a 31-year low against the dollar Donald Trump arrived in Scotland and said it was  fantastic  that the British had  taken back their country Ukip leader Nigel Farage hailed it as a  victory for real people  and called it Britain s  Independence Day But Standard & Poor s has warned that the UK s AAA credit rating now looks  untenable New York-born Boris Johnson is hot favorite to take over from Cameron as prime minister in September Scotland, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in, is expected to now demand another independence referendum Irish nationalists Sinn Fein, who want to join the Republic, are also calling for a referendum in Northern IrelandBritish Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will resign as prime minister after Britain voted to leave the European Union. Mr Cameron tried to reassure businesses around the world that Britain s economy was fundamentally sound but world markets were thrown into turmoil on Friday after the final vote was announced.Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump arrived in Scotland on Friday morning and said the British people had  taken back their country , adding:  It s a fantastic thing .Later, when asked his opinion on Cameron quitting, Trump said:  Well, that s too bad. But Britain s former Prime Minister Tony Blair said Brexit would have  enormous consequences  and it was  very sad for our country, for Europe, for the world .Mr Cameron said he would stay on for three months and New York-born Boris Johnson, the former Mayor of London who led the  leave  campaign, is the hot favorite to replace him. Polls had for months suggested a close battle, although the past few days have seen some indication of momentum swinging toward the  remain  side.At a referendum night party at the London School of Economics, Kevin Featherstone, the head of the European Institute, said the vote should serve as a wake-up call to politicians across the continent. Wider Europe has got to learn the lesson about how to re-engage with ordinary publics,  he said.  We can see across Europe countries which have been   far bigger supporters of the European Union for a number of years starting to have serious doubts. But Peter Lundgren, an MEP from the far-right Sweden Democrat Party, told MailOnline:  This is the beginning of the end for the EU. So many other countries will follow the UK. Europe will fall.  Politicians in Sweden, Denmark, Italy and even Germany may come under pressure to hold referendums in the wake of Brexit.European Parliament President Martin Schulz said the EU assembly would hold an emergency session on Tuesday and Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said that after  the blow  of Britain voting to leave, the whole European project needed a rethink.Germany s Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed  great regret  at the result, but said the EU was  strong enough  to  find the right answers  to the vote.EU President Donald Tusk, from Poland, said it was  a historic moment but for sure not a moment for hysterical reactions . Tusk, who had earlier warned that Brexit could  end Western political civilization , said on Friday:  Today on behalf of the 27 leaders, I can say that we are determined to keep our unity as 27. Merkel, Tusk, French President Francois Hollande and Italy s Matteo Renzi are planning to meet in Berlin on Monday to discuss the next step.Mr Cameron has suggested he would delay invoking Article 50   which triggers formal exit from the EU   until his successor takes over in the fall, but the EU leaders may decide they want a quick and clean break with the UK to avoid continuing instability.As results poured in, a picture emerged of a sharply divided nation: Strong pro-EU votes in London and semi-autonomous Scotland were countered by sweeping anti-Establishment sentiment for an exit across the rest of England, from southern seaside towns to rust-belt former industrial powerhouses in the north.Nigel Farage, leader of the U.K. Independence Party (UKIP), said June 23 should be considered Britain s  Independence Day . But in a remark that could prove controversial after pro-Europe MP Jo Cox was shot dead last week, Mr Farage said the country was separating from the EU  without a single bullet being fired .Via: UK Daily Mail",politics,"Jun 24, 2016",0
BREAKING: US Deploys “Nuke Sniffer” Plane To Test For Threat From Russia,"Tensions in the US are growing as it is feared that Vladimir Putin s Military may have carried out secret nuke tests in the Arctic.  This is based on tests that show a dangerous spike in radiation levels across EuropeIn response to this possible threat, the US Air Force sent a special WC-135 Constant Phoenix to RAF Mildenhall   whose main mission is to detect and identify nuclear explosions from the air.Tracking over the #UK     US Air Force WC-135C Constant Phoenix Nuclear explosion 'sniffer'62-3582 COBRA55https://t.co/fvbSNtInVP pic.twitter.com/BB1WbDzAZK  CivMilAir     (@CivMilAir) February 17, 2017While there s been no official statement from the US Military about the reason for aircraft s deployment, sources suggest that the aircraft has been sent to investigate the elevated radiation levels.Many are pointing to this as proof positive that Russia has been doing nuclear tests at Novaya Zemlya near the Arctic.(Source: The Sun UK)",Government News,"Feb 21, 2017",0
EU should impose more sanctions on North Korea-foreign policy chief,"TALLINN (Reuters) - The European Union should add more sanctions on North Korea as part of international pressure following Pyongyang s largest nuclear test to date, the bloc s foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Thursday. While sanctions have so far done little to stop North Korea boosting its nuclear and missile capacity, Federica Mogherini said more such steps were required along with piling on political pressure.  I would propose to ministers today to strengthen the economic pressure on North Korea, supporting a new U.N. Security Council resolution adopting tougher economic measures, starting new autonomous EU sanctions... and working with other partners in the world to make sure that everybody implements fully and strictly the already-decided economic measures,  Mogherini told reporters before meeting the EU defense and foreign ministers in the Estonian capital. The United States and China are discussing options to rein in Pyongyang and South Korea has deployed a defense system aimed at countering North Korean missile attacks. No formal EU decision is expected from the bloc on Thursday and its leverage on Pyongyang, as well as Russia and China   North Korea s main ally   is limited.   It has to be pursued because the alternative in our view is and could be extremely dangerous, especially if in front of you have an interlocutor that might act quite irrationally.  ",worldnews,"September 7, 2017 ",1
Policeman stabbed to death in Valencia,"MADRID (Reuters) - A policeman was stabbed to death on Tuesday in Valencia, eastern Spain, a spokesman for the force said, after entering a building during an investigation into the finding of human remains in a suitcase.  The attacker was shot dead. Police do not believe the attack was connected to Islamist militants, the spokesman said. ",worldnews,"September 12, 2017 ",1
#SteveHilton Rips The ‘Patronizing World Leaders’ For Their Criticism Of Trump [Video],"Steve Hilton rips the great  geniuses  on foreign policy who are patronizing the way President Trump speaks. He says THEY are the ones who left the world in a mess! Amen!!!Hilton couldn t be more dead on in his assessment of the globalist attempt at a new world order that Trump just stopped. These leaders are responsible for Korea, Iran and the entire Middle East mess Hello Hillary Clinton! She and her husband have been whoring around the world grabbing up anything they can to amass a fortune off the backs of the American people. Obama did NOTHING on foreign policy accept to apologize to our enemies his entire 8 years in office. Remember the  Apology Tour ?The world is in such a mess because of our past leaders who didn t put America first. Thank goodness we have President Trump who will put America first. It s about time! ",politics,"Sep 21, 2017",0
Exclusive: Moscow lawyer who met Trump Jr. had Russian spy agency as client,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian lawyer who met Donald Trump Jr. after his father won the Republican nomination for the 2016 U.S. presidential election counted Russia’s FSB security service among her clients for years, Russian court documents seen by Reuters show. The documents show that the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, successfully represented the FSB’s interests in a legal wrangle over ownership of an upscale property in northwest Moscow between 2005 and 2013. The FSB, successor to the Soviet-era KGB service, was headed by Vladimir Putin before he became Russian president. There is no suggestion that Veselnitskaya is an employee of the Russian government or intelligence services, and she has denied having anything to do with the Kremlin. But the fact she represented the FSB in a court case may raise questions among some U.S. politicians. The Obama administration last year sanctioned the FSB for what it said was its role in hacking the election, something Russia flatly denies. Charles Grassley, Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, has raised concerns about why Veselnitskaya gained entry into the United States. Veselnitskaya represented a Russian client accused by U.S. prosecutors of money laundering in a case that was settled in May this year after four years.  Veselnitskaya did not reply to emailed Reuters questions about her work for the FSB. But she later posted a link to it on her Facebook page on Friday. “Is it all your proof? You disappointed me,” she wrote in a post. “Dig in court databases again! You’ll be surprised to find among my clients Russian businessmen... as well as citizens and companies that had to defend themselves from accusations from the state...”  Veselnitskaya added that she also had U.S. citizens as clients. The FSB did not respond to a request for comment.     Reuters could not find a record of when and by whom the lawsuit - which dates back to at least 2003 - was first lodged. But appeal documents show that Rosimushchestvo, Russia’s federal government property agency, was involved. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Veselnitskaya and her firm Kamerton Consulting represented “military unit 55002” in the property dispute, the documents show. A public list of Russian legal entities shows the FSB, Russia’s domestic intelligence agency, founded the military unit whose legal address is behind the FSB’s own headquarters. Reuters was unable to establish if Veselnitskaya did any other work for the FSB or confirm who now occupies the building at the center of the case. President Donald Trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed in June 2016 to meet Veselnitskaya, a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton, according to emails released by Trump Jr. Veselnitskaya has said she is a private lawyer and has never obtained damaging information about Clinton. Dmitry Peskov, a spokesman for the Kremlin, has said she had “nothing whatsoever to do with us.” Veselnitskaya has also said she is ready to testify to the U.S. Congress to dispel what she called “mass hysteria” about the meeting with Trump Jr. The case in which Veselnitskaya represented the FSB was complex; appeals courts at least twice ruled in favor of private companies which the FSB wanted to evict.   The FSB took over the disputed office building in mid-2008, a person who worked for Atos-Component, a firm that was evicted as a result, told Reuters, on condition of anonymity. The building was privatized after the 1991 Soviet collapse, but the Russian government said in the lawsuit in which Veselnitskaya represented the FSB that the building had been illegally sold to private firms. The businesses were listed in the court documents, but many of them no longer exist and those that do are little-known firms in the electric components business. Elektronintorg, an electronic components supplier, said on its website that it now occupied the building. Elektronintorg is owned by state conglomerate Rostec, run by Sergei Chemezov, who, like Putin, worked for the KGB and served with him in East Germany. When contacted by phone, an unnamed Elektronintorg employee said he was not obliged to speak to Reuters. Rostec, responding to a request for comment, said that Elektronintorg only had a legal address in the building but that its staff were based elsewhere.  When asked which organization was located there, an unidentified man who answered a speakerphone at the main entrance laughed and said: “Congratulations. Ask the city administration.” ",politicsNews,"July 21, 2017 ",1
Republican Meadows: Tax plan does not have to be revenue neutral,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said on Sunday there is a possibility that his group could support a tax reform plan that is not revenue neutral. “Does it have to be, what they would say, revenue neutral? Or do you have to have an offset like with the border adjustment tax? ... I think there’s been a lot of flexibility in terms of some of my contacts in conservatives in terms of not making it totally offset ...,” Meadows said in an interview on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.” A fiscal conservative, Meadows had said that tax reform depended on the repeal of Obamacare in order to offset the likely cost of tax cuts.  President Donald Trump has already said he will move on from dealing with healthcare to his tax plans and in a tweet on Sunday morning blamed the Freedom Caucus for keeping Obamacare intact. “Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!” he tweeted. Meadows, whose group was pivotal in sinking the Republican plan to repeal Obamacare in the House, said he had not yet given up on efforts to reform healthcare before tackling tax reform. “I still believe that there is a good chance, if moderates and conservatives can come together, that we repeal and replace Obamacare, bring premiums down, cover more people,” he said. ",politicsNews,"March 26, 2017 ",1
Congress to start undoing Obama-era regulations this month: leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers will begin voiding dozens of new U.S. regulations at the end of the month to fulfill their promise to undo Democratic President Barack Obama’s legacy, focusing on environmental and labor rules, the House of Representatives’  second most powerful Republican said on Thursday.  House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said the Republicans who will shortly control both Congress and the White House for the first time in 10 years have made reforming federal regulation a top priority alongside repealing the Obamacare healthcare program and rewriting the tax code. Republicans are on a blitz to radically reform the vast federal bureaucracy, where they say appointed officials create costly, burdensome red tape that stifles economic growth. Once Republican President-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated on Jan. 20, they will have a like-minded ally in the Oval Office to sign their measures into law. On the chopping block are dozens of new rules that the outgoing Obama administration has finalized since the end of May on energy, the environment, transportation, banking, finance, education and media ownership. Republicans will ax them using the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to void a single regulation for a brief window of time after it is issued.   Congress will begin a two-week marathon of voting to disapprove them on Jan. 30, according to McCarthy, who House aides say will lead the process. Disapproval resolutions can pass on simple majorities, giving Senate Democrats no power to block votes with filibusters. McCarthy told the conservative-leaning Hoover Institution that two of the first votes will be on new environmental regulations. Republicans will seek to kill a contentious rule intended to protect streams and forests from the impact of coal mining and a regulation curbing methane leaks on public lands. Congress will also take aim at new requirements for employers to report their workers’ gender, race and ethnicity that are intended to help root out pay discrimination. On Wednesday, the House approved a massive bill for creating accountability in rulemaking. The next day, it passed legislation largely along party lines requiring financial regulators to tally the costs of their rules. Democrats, though, have vowed to block any reform bills, saying the many extra procedures they require will stall agencies’ work, making it impossible to create needed regulations and properly oversee special interests. ",politicsNews,"January 12, 2017 ",1
" Republicans Declare WAR On The Poor, Go After Food Stamps, Medical Coverage","Donald Trump has won the White House and now, Republicans have control of the Senate and Congress, too. House Speaker Paul Ryan has hinted at plans to privatize Medicare. Ryan s Ayn Randish vision for America has been well documented with his plans to slash the safety net while giving a big middle finger to the middle and lower-income classes.Yes, this is a war. One in which Americans will suffer greatly. Millions of low-income Americans on Medicaid could lose their health coverage if Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress follow through with their plans.Vox reports that Trump has: already endorsed Ryan s plans on Medicaid and has attacked food stamps at length. His vice president, Mike Pence, is a longtime friend and congressional ally of Ryan s who if anything has argued for larger cuts than the ones Ryan wants.We can expect an increase in poverty. I ve been working on these issues since 1972,  Robert Greenstein, the founder and president of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and Washington s leading advocate for poor and low-income Americans, said, according to Vox.  This is by far the gravest threat to the safety net, and to low-income people, that I ve seen in my close to half a century of working on these issues. I think there s a potential in the first seven months, by the August recess, for Congress to pass policies that do more to increase poverty and hardship and widen inequality than we ve seen in half a century. If Obamacare is repealed without a viable replacement, 22 million people will be denied coverage.Paul Ryan, like his conservative colleagues, seeks fewer regulations for insurance companies. Insurance companies would offer worse policies and the quality of care would go down.Trump s replacement plan is even worse than Ryan s.The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimates it d spare just 1 million people who d otherwise lose insurance through Obamacare repeal. Full repeal without replacement takes insurance away from 22 million; Trump s plan takes it away from 21 million. The difference is minimal.And yet, here s the thing. Trump has already broken numerous campaign promises and he s not even in office yet. He has suggested that he won t fully repeal Obamacare but now, he s beholden to Republicans who control the Senate and the House. Even if he says no, the wheels are in motion. He s the one who started turning them.Because eating while poor is bad:CBPP estimates that the most recent House budget gets 62 percent of its cuts from programs for low- and moderate-income people. That includes at least $150 billion in cuts to food stamps and nearly $500 billion in mostly unspecified cuts to other low-income programs like SSI (which provides cash to the disabled and elderly), Pell Grants, and what little remains of welfare.Republicans have been trying to eradicate President Obama s signature healthcare legislation so it was watered down. Tea Party Republicans went to town halls where Democrats attempted to answer questions from constituents. The noise from Republicans was deafening and hardly a word could be heard about the bill. So, it got watered down because conservatives told us that socialism is bad. They told us this after driving to the town hall meetings on taxpayer funded public roads.As it happens, medical professionals do not want Obamacare repealed. Trump and his Republican colleagues just want you to think that.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",News,"November 22, 2016",0
 Paul Krugman: Obama Rolled Back RONALD REAGAN’S Tax Cuts For The Rich,"Paul Krugman, by his own admission, has been drooling over the release of the IRS s 2013 tax tables. If you re still awake after reading that sentence, congratulations! You have the stamina of a bull! But seriously, while tax codes and forms and statistics and charts and zzzzzzzz .. may be boring as all hell to you and me, they re still useful. Specifically, they re useful in determining the impact of Obama s Nazi Socialist Commie Homosexual Muslim Agenda  on America.And no matter how  disappointed  you are that Obama did not turn the United States into Utopia, he still managed to do something amazing:According to the new tables, the average income tax rate for 99 percent of Americans barely changed from 2012 to 2013, but the tax rate for the top 1 percent rose by more than four percentage points. The tax rise was even bigger for very high incomes: 6.5 percentage points for the top 0.01 percent.And what does that mean? It means Obama, that terrible, terrible disappointment that supposedly only serves his corporate masters took a large bite out of Reganomics:But the available numbers are consistent with Congressional Budget Office projections of the effects of the 2013 tax increases   projections which said that the effective federal tax rate on the 1 percent would rise roughly back to its pre-Reagan level. No, really: for top incomes, Mr. Obama has effectively rolled back not just the Bush tax cuts but Ronald Reagan s as well.Any economist not working for a billionaire s think tank will tell you in no uncertain terms that Reagan s (and Bush s) claims were total bullshit. Giving more money to the rich does not improve the economy, it only makes the rich richer and hurts everyone else. Since the 80s, we ve handed billions every year to the rich and they took that money and invested it in buying politicians and factories in other countries. Now we have definitive proof, in the form of the strongest job growth since the Dot Com bubble of the 90s, that taking those tax cuts away will not hurt the economy in any way whatsoever.Thanks, Obama!Featured image via Business Insider",News,"January 4, 2016",0
Exclusive: House Speaker Ryan seeks halt to presidential 'Draft Ryan' group,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House Speaker Paul Ryan’s political operation sent a cease-and-desist letter on Thursday to a group that is trying to draft him as a Republican presidential candidate, urging it to halt its activities and warning of legal risk. With establishment Republicans desperately searching for a way to stop real estate businessman and former reality TV personality Donald Trump’s march toward the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election, Ryan’s name has been mentioned often as an alternative. But he has said he does not want to run for president this year and has disavowed the Committee to Draft Speaker Ryan group. The organization has continued attempts to collect 1 million signatures on an online petition to draft Ryan, arguing that the very definition of a draft movement is to encourage a reluctant participant to join. The Draft Ryan group was another indication of Ryan’s rise to the Republican Party’s top ranks since he became speaker of the House of Representatives last year. Ryan, a Wisconsin congressman, was Mitt Romney’s vice-presidential running mate on the Republicans’ 2012 ticket. A spokesman for Draft Ryan, David Catalfamo, said the letter was “a sad commentary on the state of our politics today,” adding, “The Committee to Draft Speaker Ryan is simply a patriotic effort to save our party and save our country.” The group registered with the U.S. Federal Election Commission as a Super PAC, an independent political action committee that may raise unlimited sums of money. Timothy Kronquist, an attorney for Ryan’s political operation, addressed the letter to the group’s treasurer, David Satterfield. It urged the group to immediately cease and desist from any representations that it is acting on Ryan’s behalf or raising funds that would assist Ryan’s campaign activities. “We believe the actions of your organization are not in compliance with federal law and may constitute fraudulent solicitation of funds,” the letter said. “Speaker Ryan has repeatedly announced publicly that he is not running for president in 2016. ... It is in the public interest for your organization to cease potentially confusing and misleading people into supporting your organization.” A copy of the letter, which was dated Thursday, was seen by Reuters. A person close to Draft Ryan said the group had removed the “donate” button from its website to clarify that the effort is not a fund-raising exercise, and said the site would be changed so people can sign the petition without leaving their email addresses. He said the effort so far had been funded by Earle Mack, a former U.S. ambassador to Finland. Mack has told The New York Times that he would spend up to $1 million on the Draft Ryan committee. Mack showed no sign of backing down on Thursday afternoon in an interview with Fox Business News, saying Draft Ryan only sought to propose Ryan as a unifying candidate in the event Republicans deadlock over who should be their nominee at the party convention in July.  “Let me tell your viewers to please go to Draft Speaker Ryan.com. We’re collecting a million signatures to raise the awareness that we love the speaker, and the speaker is the right man for the job,” Mack said. Asked whether Ryan might not want the nomination, Mack acknowledged, “I don’t even know the man.” Trump has racked up primary wins and expanded his lead this week despite attacks from the party’s establishment, which is trying to stop him from claiming the nomination at the Republican convention in July. Ryan has abstained from endorsing any presidential candidate in the 2016 race.  (Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Bill Trott, Grant McCool and Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",politicsNews,"March 10, 2016 ",1
 Resignation Letter To Donald Trump Has Secret Message To Resistance,"Ever since Donald Trump failed his test of moral leadership following the Nazi/white Supremacist rally in Charlottesville, VA, his administration has been bleeding.First, his business council collapsed when business leader after business leader said they wanted no part in Trump s sympathy with Nazis. The same is now happening with his Committee on the Arts and Humanities as 16 members of the group sent Trump a resignation letter that was just perfect   if you re a member of the resistance.Here is a part of the resignation letter: Reproach and censure in the strongest possible terms are necessary following your support of the hate groups and terrorists who killed and injured fellow Americans in Charlottesville. The false equivalencies you push cannot stand. The Administrations refusal to quickly and unequivocally condemn the cancer of hatred only further emboldens those who wish America ill. We cannot sit idly by, the way your West Wing advisors have, without speaking out against your words and actions. We are members of the Presidents Committee on the Arts and Humanities (PCAH). The Committee was created in 1982 under President Reagan to advise the White House on cultural issues. We were hopeful that continuing to serve in the PCAH would allow us to focus on the important work the committee does with your federal partners in the arts and humanities for all Americans. Effective immediately, please accept our resignation Source: ViceHere s the full letter, signed by 16 members, including artist Chuck Close, author Jhumpa Lahiri, architect Thom Mayne and  Jersey Boys  actor John Lloyd Young and Minnesota Congressman Richard Cohen:JUST IN: In letter to Pres. Trump, a mass resignation from the presidential arts and humanities committee. pic.twitter.com/4Mor0vEoBK  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) August 18, 2017Do you see it? Probably not. Look at the first letter of each paragraph   R-E-S-I-S-T.pic.twitter.com/mdNpjI35hy  Hesiod Theogeny (@Hesiod2k11) August 18, 2017Naturally, Twitter had their opinions.pic.twitter.com/TxjAq6UxFg  techiethomas (@techiethomas) August 18, 2017Not sure if would have gotten the irony of it. Trump s not wise or deep, he s just along for the ride.  Marie (@SCMilitarybrat) August 18, 2017The FIRST letter of the FIRST word in each paragraph spells RESIST:Reproach Elevating Speaking Ignoring Supremacy Thank youSo cool!  ? https://t.co/aCwtX9kip1  Ricky Davila (@TheRickyDavila) August 18, 2017The President s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities was started under the Reagan administration in 1982.PCAH works directly with the three primary cultural agencies National Endowment for the Arts, National Endowment for the Humanities, and Institute of Museum and Library Services as well as other federal partners and the private sector, to address policy questions in the arts and humanities, to initiate and support key programs in those disciplines, and to recognize excellence in the field. Its core areas of focus are arts and humanities education and cultural exchange.It s also traditionally headed by the First Lady and this administration is no exception.Featured image via Matt Cardy/Getty Images",News,"August 18, 2017",0
"Gaddafi son in good health, following politics: family lawyer","TUNIS (Reuters) - Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the most prominent son of the former Libyan leader, is in good health and is following the political situation in Libya from his base inside the country, a Gaddafi family lawyer said on Tuesday. Khaled al-Zaidi said he was in personal contact with Saif, but refused to say where in Libya Saif was, or whether he had ever left Zintan, the western town where he was detained after the 2011 revolt in which his father was toppled and killed.  He s working on politics from his base in Libya, with the tribes, with the cities, with the decision makers,  Zaidi told reporters in Tunis.  He s in a good health ... in top condition. His medical and psychological condition are good.  Saif was seen by some as a potential reformist successor to his father in the years before 2011 and remains a key figure for Gaddafi loyalists. Seeking to rebuild their influence, they present Saif as someone who can help reconcile the country s rival factions, though he is sought for alleged war crimes both in his home country and by the International Criminal Court.  The aim is to achieve peace in Libya,  said Zaidi.  He follows Libyan affairs closely every day.  In June, Zaidi said Saif had been freed in Zintan under an amnesty law passed two years ago by a parliament based in eastern Libya.  Earlier reports that Saif had been liberated turned out to be false, and uncertainty about his whereabouts and status have long fueled rumors. Those included speculation during the summer that he was about to re-emerge with a speech or public statement.  No physical evidence of Saif s whereabouts has been offered. He was last seen by an independent international observer in June 2014. A Tripoli court sentenced Saif to death in absentia in 2015 for war crimes, including killing protesters during the revolution. The International Criminal Court, based in the Netherlands, is also seeking his arrest and said in June it was trying to verify the reports of Saif s release. ",worldnews,"October 17, 2017 ",1
Both pro and anti-Brexit lawmakers back ousting PM May: former Conservative chairman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Former Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said on Friday that both supporters and opponents of Brexit were among the 30 lawmakers who back a plot to topple British Prime Minister Theresa May. Divisions over May s future burst into the open on Friday after her conference speech was ruined by a comedian, coughing fit and even letters falling off the slogans behind her on stage. Shapps told BBC radio that there was a broad range of lawmakers urging May to step down.    These are Remainers, they are Brexiteers. They would never automatically agree on a single candidate and this is not about promoting an individual,  he said. ",worldnews,"October 6, 2017 ",1
" Paul Ryan Sharpens His Backstabbing Knife, Prepares War With White House (VIDEO)","During Donald Trump s meltdown during his rally in Phoenix Tuesday evening, he threatened to shut down the government unless Congress funds his border wall. The former reality show star launched a rant which was so insane that people are starting to question whether he s fit to hold office. We re pretty sure that House Speaker Paul Ryan is wondering that, too, after Trump s screamy-ragey speech.On Wednesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said he doesn t  think a government shutdown is necessary,  however, we ve noticed that when the Republican leader says something in stark contrast to Trump s rhetoric, he never says it to his face. Like, for example, when he tweeted his denouncement of the Nazis who marched in Trump s name in Charlottesville, Virginia, with one of them murdering Heather Heyer, 32, and injuring 19 others, he failed to tag @RealDonaldTrump.But anyway, Ryan said during a press conference in Hillsboro, Oregon,  I don t think a government shutdown is necessary, and I don t think most people want to see a government shutdown, ourselves included. Ryan continued to say that  Congress in the House has already done its work on this issue  and left it up to the Senate. Given the time of year it is, and the rest of the appropriations we have to do, we re going to need more time to complete our appropriations process, particularly in the Senate,  he said.Talking Points Memo reports:Trump on Tuesday night suggested he would push to tie funding for his proposed border wall to a government spending bill Congress must pass in the fall to avert a shutdown. I don t think anyone s interested in having a shutdown. I don t think it s in our interest to do so,  Ryan added.  I don t think you have to choose between the two. Watch:.@SpeakerRyan: ""I don't think a government shut down is necessary, and I don't think most people want to see"" one. https://t.co/9ZBdrCglu6 pic.twitter.com/ClqY5NAABp  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) August 23, 2017Perhaps Ryan should have  a sit down with Trump and explain to him what happens during a government shutdown. On the other hand, Trump doesn t seem to care about very much. Ryan is trying to distance himself from the very president he supports. He s playing it safe, knowing full well that Trump won t last much longer in office. Ryan wants to come out of the madness with his hands clean so he can say,  Hey, I called Trump out  without actually calling him out. That said, he s going to have a battle on his hands to keep the government open and it looks like he s ready for that. We re certain several of his Republican colleagues would back him up on that.Image via screen capture. ",News,"August 23, 2017",0
"Trump's budget depends on strong growth, 'feedback' for balance","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s promise to balance the federal budget in a decade rests on a sustained rise to 3 percent annual economic growth that he promised in his election campaign and a vague “feedback” effect that lowers the annual government deficit by hundreds of billions of dollars. The projections are a leap of faith that many economists and the Federal Reserve regard as unlikely in a country where the population is aging and productivity has lagged.  They also hinge on continued low interest rates, low inflation and full employment - a decade free not just of major economic shocks but of the sort of mild recession considered part of a capitalist economy’s normal ups and downs. According to the summary tables released by the administration on Monday night, the administration is assuming economic growth reaches 3 percent annually by the end of Trump’s first term and stays there at least through 2027.  Actual first quarter economic growth was a weak 0.7 percent on an annualized basis, though current Fed forecasts expect about 2.1 percent growth for the year. Economic growth is one reason the plan forecasts tax receipts growing by around 5 percent a year even as the president promises tax cuts that “will spur investment and create jobs.”   Inflation is assumed to hit the Fed’s 2 percent goal and stay there, compared to the Fed’s current forecast of just below 2 percent for 2016. The budget assumes the unemployment rate will rise slightly from its current 4.4 percent rate and stay at a long-term average of 4.8 percent. Without that jump in growth and the steady environment surrounding it, deficits would increase by as much as half a trillion dollars a year - around where they are now - according to administration estimates that include an “effect of economic feedback” that reduces the government’s annual shortfall by an amount that grows to $496 billion by 2027. The exact nature of the “effect of economic feedback” was not detailed in the initial documents. President Barack Obama’s last budget assumed 2.6 percent annual growth, and even that is considered optimistic by professional economists and the Federal Reserve. Central bankers have penciled in trend U.S. growth of around 1.8 percent over the long run. Some Wall Street analysts, giving credit to some of Trump’s possible tax cut ideas, forecast economic growth could hit 2.3 percent in 2020, according to the latest quarterly poll of forecasters by the Philadelphia Fed.  “With all due respect, the full fiscal Trump magic was never a realistic outlook,” Erik Nielsen, chief economist at UniCredit, wrote in a note to clients on Sunday. Growth since 2000 has averaged 1.9 percent in the United States; over the course of a decade the difference between that and Trump’s 3 percent figure compounds to an additional $2 trillion annually that would not get spent, invested or taxed. The administration is also assuming that interest rates remain low, with a 10-year Treasury bond rate that rises to 3.8 percent and remains there, a figure critical to projected government borrowing costs. While the 10-year bond has averaged near that level throughout this century and is currently well below it, periods of faster economic growth generally involve higher rates because of both the likelihood of tighter monetary policy and the likely demand for U.S. securities if the economy does accelerate. ",politicsNews,"May 23, 2017 ",1
FLASHBACK: Chilling ’60 Minutes’ Interview with George Soros Nearly 20 Years Ago,"21st Century Wire says George Soros has been described as a philanthropist, yet many of the social movement projects funded by his Open Society Foundation, have led to violent civil unrest and societal instability in the form of color revolutions.In the video below we see a rare glimpse of the contoversial hedge fund mogul, the man dubbed The Man Who Broke the Bank of England,  who openly admits to engaging in  amoral activities  in a 1998 interview with Steve Kroft on 60 minutes.Kroft presses the magnate about his dark past tied to the Nazi-era, as well as his profitable career as an investor/speculator and his escape from Securities and Exchange regulation.Witness the stark and chilling acknowledgement from Soros, as he calculatingly states the following: I don t feel guilty because I m engaged in an amoral activity which is not meant to have anything to do with guilt. READ MORE ON SOCIAL ENGINEERING: 21st Century Wire Social Engineering Files",US_News,"November 18, 2016",0
BILL O’REILLY ASKS TRUMP “Racist” Question That Has Many Outraged…Was Bill Out-Of-Bounds This Time? [VIDEO],"Was O Reilly out-of-bounds? Most Americans would likely agree that we need to address the viability of employment opportunities for poorly educated Americans of every race who are walking around with multiple facial piercings and tattoos on their faces.Donald Trump appeared on The O Reilly Factor Monday night, but for once it wasn t the presidential candidate making headlines for his controversial remarks.Instead, it was Bill O Reilly himself who sparked fury after making statements about African-Americans that many called racist.During the interview, O Reilly pointed out that Trump is not polling well among minority voters, and questioned the Republican front-runner about his strategy for winning over black voters.Trump responded by saying he was doing  fantastic with African-Americans and with Hispanics  before launching into a speech about how the real issue was that jobs were being outsourced to countries like China and Mexico.O Reilly then pushed Trump to explain exactly how he could promise jobs to black voters, while offending many African-Americans at the same time. How are you going to get jobs for them?  O Reilly asked.  Many of them are ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads, and I hate to be generalized about it but it s true, if you look at all the educational statistics, how are you going to give jobs to people who aren t qualified for jobs?  Via: Daily MailBy the way Bill, there are no shortage of white people or Hispanics walking around with face tattoos. I m as sick as the next person of the excessive PC world we live in, but Bill s comments were pretty idiotic, has no basis and should be condemned. ",politics,"Apr 12, 2016",0
USDA chief says farmers looking ahead to possible Cuba markets,"LIMA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack said Tuesday that farm officials want to lay the groundwork so American agricultural exporters can seize new opportunities in Cuba if the trade embargo on the country is lifted. The normalization of trade relations would allow U.S. farmers to use lower transportation costs to edge in on the European Union’s food exports to Cuba, Vilsack said. President Barack Obama has been using his executive powers to chip away at the half-century-old trade embargo, imposed on the communist-ruled nation in 1960, but cannot lift it without approval from Congress that is unlikely under current Republican leadership. “There are still preliminary steps that can be taken to prepare for that day,” Vilsack said in an interview in Peru. “When it happens, the United States will be in a very good position to reclaim a portion of the market we’ve lost.” Vilsack cited soybeans, rice, poultry and biofuels as new markets U.S. farmers could tap in Cuba, which in turn could sell organic products to its former Cold War foe. The Obama administration is asking Congress for $1.5 million for on-the-ground studies into challenges to agricultural trade in Cuba, from pests to a diplomatic void left by decades of hostile relations. “We have not had people on the ground,” Vilsack said. “We need to develop relationships with the people in Cuba so we know who to do business with and who actually makes the deals.” Vilsack, who visited Cuba last month, said state agricultural commissioners and secretaries have also been traveling to the island on trade missions. “They have been down to Cuba and they have come back with small contracts for commodities,” Vilsack said. Vilsack said farmers were the most excited about the reopening of relations with Cuba, once a global sugarcane powerhouse. The U.S. would aim to meet 50 percent of Cuba’s food and agricultural needs if trade resumes fully, up from less than 15 percent now, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in a statement to Reuters after the interview. Vilsack also said he was optimistic Obama would persuade Congress to pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal before the end of his term, despite the recent surge in anti-trade rhetoric in presidential campaigns. “The president is very committed to getting it done and he intends to work as long and hard as he needs to ultimately get it passed,” Vilsack said. ",politicsNews,"March 16, 2016 ",1
WHY OBAMA’S CORRUPT INNER CIRCLE Is Desperately Fighting To Protect His Failed Reputation," History shows that we can, if we must, tolerate nuclear weapons in North Korea. Those words were written by former National Security Adviser Susan Rice on Thursday in the New York Times, in arguing for appeasement towards Kim Jong-un.It was also the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with Barack Obama s feckless foreign policy   and it explains why the world that President Donald Trump inherited is so dangerous and unstable.The Obama administration believed it was worth living in the shadow of terror and nuclear aggression as long as the U.S. could maintain a dignified posture that could not provoke anyone.  BreitbartNoah Rothman of Commentary Magazine wrote a brilliant article about the  death rattle of Obama s reputation . In his article, Rothman reminds us of the ineffective and dangerous path former President Barack Obama took our nation down, and why the successes of President Trump are forcing his corrupt inner circle to speak out against Trump in defense of Obama s failed legacy.The members of Barack Obama s administration in exile have become conspicuously noisy of late even more so than usual. Former CIA Director John Brennan accused Donald Trump and his administration of engaging in  outrageous,   narcissistic  behavior typical of  vengeful autocrats  by threatening proportionate retaliation against countries that voted to condemn the United States in the United Nations, as though that were unprecedented. It is not. James Clapper, Obama s director of national intelligence, all but alleged that the president is a Russian  asset.  Perhaps the most acerbic and incendiary series of accusations from the former Democratic president s foreign-policy professionals were placed in the New York Times by Obama s national security advisor, Susan Rice. In her estimation, America has abdicated its role as a  force for good. Rice s attacks on the Republican administration deserve the most attention, if only because they are the most apoplectic. Donald Trump s recently released national-security review paints a  dark,   almost dystopian  vision of the world, Rice contended. His world is full of  hostile states and lurking threats.  Rice claimed that there is  no common good  in Trump s worldview. What s more, there is no  international community  and no  universal values.  There are just  American values. Rice acknowledges that Moscow is a threat to regional stability and peace,  Western values,  and U.S. sovereignty. She implies that Trump is a menace because he declines to recognize that. In fact, it was Obama much more so than Trump who has failed to see the obvious.Barack Obama was inarguably the least Atlanticist president since the end of World War II. Within a year of Russia s brazen invasion and dismemberment of the former Soviet Republic of Georgia, Obama scrapped George W. Bush-era agreements to move radar and missile interceptor installations to Central Europe. In 2013, the last of America s armored combat units left Europe, ending a 69-year footprint on the Continent. By 2014, there were just two U.S. Army brigades stationed in Europe. The folly of this demobilization became abundantly clear when Vladimir Putin became the first Russian leader since Stalin to invade and annex territory in neighboring Ukraine.A year later, Putin intervened militarily in Syria, where U.S. forces were already operating, resulting in the most dangerous escalation of tensions between the two nuclear powers since the end of the Cold War. Putin s move in Syria should not have come as a surprise; Barack Obama outsourced the resolution of the Syrian conflict to Moscow in 2013, if only to avoid making good on his self-set  red line  for intervention in that conflict despite the norm-shattering use of WMDs on civilians. Even Rice s chief complaint about Trump, his failure to condemn Putin s brazen intervention in the 2016 election, didn t elicit a reaction from Barack Obama until the final month of his presidency.By contrast, and to the surprise of just about everyone, the Trump administration has been tough on Russia. Trump has ordered harsh sanctions on Moscow s Iranian allies for violating United Nations resolutions a course the Obama administration declined to take even if it allowed Hezbollah terrorists with direct links to Putin to operate with impunity. He ordered long overdue airstrikes on Putin s vassal regime in Syria, halting any further use of chemical weapons in the process. Trump not only declined to lift Obama-era sanctions on Moscow, as many feared he would, but expanded them. This administration closed Russian consulates and annexes in the United States. It has targeted Putin allies like Chechen strongman Ramzan Kadyrov under the Magnitsky Act the same act that Kremlin cutout Natalia Veselnitskaya lobbied the Trump campaign to scuttle. Trump has even gone so far as to open U.S. arms sales to Ukraine, representing a significant blow to Putin s ambitions in Europe. It is without a doubt that Trump now has a stronger record on Russia than Barack Obama ever did. No wonder Susan Rice is so angry.Rice further alleged that Trump recklessly accused China of being an  avowed opponent  of the U.S. rather than just a competitor, and then insisted that China has not  illegally occupied its neighbors.  Tell that to Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam, or Taiwan, each of which lay claim to strategic territory in the South China Sea that the People s Republic seized and turned into forward air and naval bases. Rice suggested that Trump s  realists  decided to  lump  Beijing in with Moscow, not because it is a rising military and economic power, but because they wanted to  placate  American nationalists. Though this White House declined to defibrillate the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement back to life when it inherited its corpse, it has done a far more comprehensive job of working with Beijing to isolate Pyongyang than Obama did. As the North Korean nuclear crisis intensifies, China has backed fresh sanctions on North Korean financial institutions, cut off all access to Chinese iron, lead, and coal, and may even scale back petroleum deliveries to the Stalinist state by as much as 90 percent. And all in the space of one year.Rice contended that the document failed to itemize the discrete identities on whose behalf the U.S. should labor: LGBT people, people in poverty, people with AIDS, people under 30, et cetera. Rather, the document insists that all mankind, regardless of conditions or accidents of birth, are objects of U.S. interest. Rice complained that climate change is no longer viewed as a threat to national security. Good. Climate change is not itself a threat to American national security but a threat multiplier, as the weather has always been. Save for some valid concerns about the prospect of an overly restrictive immigration policy and the precariousness of U.S. free-trade obligations, Rice painted a picture not of a radical administration but one that is returning to a familiar status quo ante. In nearly all respects, it was Obama s White House, not Trump s, that adopted an ideological foreign policy and rendered the U.S. and the world less safe as a result.Even as early as March of 2017, it was clear that the Obama administration s foreign-policy professionals were quite insecure about how posterity would remember their stewardship of American interests abroad. They had every reason to be. For now, at least, the Trump administration has declined to govern as Trump campaigned; not as a populist firebrand but a conventional Republican. Susan Rice and her former White House colleagues have every reason to worry, but not for the United States. Their reputations, however, are another matter entirely.To read the entire article, click here. ",left-news,"Dec 23, 2017",0
 Dan Rather Breaks The Internet With SEARING Rebuke Of Trump’s ‘Andrew Jackson’ Comment,"With Trump in the White House, former CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather has an awful lot to say, probably because he s been around the political block a couple thousand times, and Trump is a dangerous buffoon, the likes of which we ve never seen. He doesn t comment on everything, and he apparently didn t want to comment on Trump s idea that Andrew Jackson was angry about the Civil War. But he sees something in that absurdity that he felt he needed to point out.According to his Facebook post on the topic, the  sheer craziness of this obsession by Donald Trump with Andrew Jackson and the Civil War is a carnival act unlike anything I have ever seen at the White House. These are the rantings of someone who really should be focused on the job of governing. Should we not conclude that he approaches policy decisions with the same half-baked conspiracies with which he apparently approaches history? Trump, at the very least, has been approaching his presidency with the grand level of ignorance with which he approaches history. He recently told Reuters that he didn t think being the president would be so hard. He also said that nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated.Sure, Trump. The only people who did know are, well, pretty much everyone with the most basic understanding of our current political situation.That isn t all Rather blasted Trump about. He also dropped this truth bomb, with hell of a burn at the end, on Trump: To be President of the United States is to part of the great American story. To not understand that story is to not understand the presidency. Maybe Frederick Douglass can give Mr. Trump some advice. Apparently, he s  an example of somebody who s done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more. This post was shared nearly 18,000 times in five hours, and garnered 70,000 reactions in that same time. Read it below:Featured image by Kirk Irwin via Getty Images for SiriusXM",News,"May 2, 2017",0
"Britain, EU clinch Brexit 'breakthrough' with move to trade talks","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union struck a divorce deal on Friday that paves the way for arduous talks on future trade ties, easing immediate pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May and boosting hopes of an orderly Brexit. May rushed to Brussels before dawn to seal a European Commission agreement that  sufficient progress  had been made to begin talks about trade and a two-year Brexit transition period that will start when Britain leaves the EU on March 29, 2019. Negotiators in London, Brussels and Dublin worked through the night before breaking an impasse over the status of the Irish border, the last major obstacle to the opening of trade talks which EU leaders are due to bless at a summit on Dec. 15. But though the Irish prime minister called a British pledge to avoid a destabilising  hard border  for Northern Ireland a  bullet-proof  commitment, one senior EU official conceded that wording to appease May s Belfast allies was a  fudge  which had simply put off until later the need to  square the circle . While Northern Ireland would remain aligned with the rules of the EU s single market and customs union under which member state Ireland operates, May s government is officially committed to leaving both the single market and customs union.  Actual negotiations on a trade pact that may take several years to agree may not start for some months. But EU officials said they should be ready to start rapid talks in January to give May the transition period she wants to reassure business that not much will change for a couple of years after Brexit. Speaking before sunrise at the EU executive s headquarters after a hurried flight on a Royal Air Force plane, May said opening up trade talks would bring certainty for citizens and businesses about Britain s future after quitting the EU.  The most difficult challenge is still ahead,  European Council President Donald Tusk cautioned.  We all know that breaking up is hard. But breaking up and building a new relationship is much harder.  May, looking weary after just a couple of hours sleep, spoke after Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker announced the breakthrough, first in English and then in German and French. The move to agree trade talks 18 months after the United Kingdom s shock vote to exit the EU allayed some fears of a disorderly Brexit that could disrupt trade between the world s biggest trading bloc and its sixth-largest national economy. Sterling was dented when last-minute objections from Belfast forced May to abort a deal on Monday while already in Brussels, but it climbed to a six-month high against the euro EURGBP=D3 on Friday. It later gave up earlier gains and turned lower on the day against the EU common currency as investors took profits after a sharp rally in recent days.     Facing 27 other members of the bloc, May largely conceded to the EU on the structure, timetable and substance of the negotiations. Moving to talks about trade and a Brexit transition was crucial for May s own future after her premiership was thrown into doubt when she lost the ruling Conservative Party its majority in an unwisely called snap election in June.  I very much welcome the prospect of moving ahead,  said May, a 61-year-old Anglican vicar s daughter who herself voted to stay in the EU in the June 2016 referendum but has repeatedly insisted Britain will make a success of Brexit. A senior British banker said the deal signalled May would stay in power for now and that Britain was heading toward a much closer post-Brexit relationship with the EU than many had feared.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar agreed.  ...What phase one was always about was narrowing the parameters, and we are now funnelling and directing things into a situation where I believe the United Kingdom including Northern Ireland will remain in alignment with the EU on lots of regulations,  he told Irish national broadcaster RTE on Friday evening. Heralding pitfalls ahead, however, Scotland s leader Nicola Sturgeon swiftly cited the promise of free trade on the Irish border as removing an argument used to dissuade Scots from breaking their union with England to rejoin the European Union. Draft guidelines showed the transition period, which would start on March 30, 2019, could last around two years, as May has requested. During that time, Britain will remain part of the EU s customs union and single market but no longer take part in EU institutions or have a vote.  It will also still be subject to EU law.   Pro-Brexit Conservative lawmakers rallied around her after the deal. This looked like a signal that the party, which has been split over EU membership for generations, was not preparing to ditch her immediately despite the election fiasco in June that left her government dependent on the support of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who spearheaded the 2016 Brexit campaign, congratulated May, adding that Britain would now take back control of its laws, money and borders. Supporters of a radical Brexit were tougher. Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage struck a jarring note saying it was extraordinary a British premier had conceded so much in the middle of the night, agreeing to all the demands of Juncker, Tusk and EU negotiator Michel Barnier.  The British prime minister has to fly through the middle of the night to go and meet three unelected people, who condescendingly say:  Now, jolly well done May, you ve met every single one of our demands, thank you very much, we can now move on to the next stage .  Asked for an example of the EU conceding something to London, which says it will pay 40-45 billion euros over many years to meet EU obligations, Barnier said Brussels dropped a demand that Britain bear relocation costs for two EU agencies that are leaving London - costs in the hundreds of millions. Juncker once put the Brexit bill at some 60 billion euros ( 52.7 billion) but Barnier said it was not possible to calculate a firm figure as much depended on future developments.  Jeremy Corbyn, the socialist leader of Britain s main opposition Labour party, said on Friday he wanted to see much more information about the divorce deal before he could judge whether it was a breakthrough. Corbyn said Labour had consistently called for maintaining the benefits of belonging to the EU s customs union and single market during a transitional period as Britain leaves the bloc.  The transitional period is unspecific and I think she needs to bring some clarity to that,  he said on a visit to Geneva. The EU had insisted it would only move on to trade talks if there was enough progress on three key issues: the money Britain must pay to the EU; rights for EU citizens in Britain and British citizens in the EU; and how to avoid a hard border with Ireland.  I believe we have now made the breakthrough we needed,  Juncker said. On citizens rights, London and Brussels agreed to offer equal treatment on social security, healthcare, employment and education and that Britain will enable its judges to ask the European Court of Justice to weigh in when necessary for eight years after Brexit, aiming to create a common body of law. But the crucial breakthrough was on the future of the 310-mile (500-km) UK-EU land border on the island of Ireland. The  Northern Irish DUP had vetoed a draft deal on Monday. May stayed up most of the night into Friday, grabbing just a couple of hours sleep, as she worked the phones from Downing Street to secure agreement from Dublin, Brussels and the DUP. They agreed to avoid a hard border which might upset the peace established after decades of Protestant-Catholic violence, but said the details would be agreed as part of talks about the future relationship, according to a 15-page negotiators report. Britain agreed that should London and Brussels fail to agree a final Brexit deal, the United Kingdom will maintain  full alignment  with those rules of the internal market and customs union that help protect north-south cooperation in Ireland.   In all circumstances, the United Kingdom will continue to ensure the same unfettered access for Northern Ireland s businesses to the whole of the United Kingdom internal market,  it said.  The DUP gave only a conditional endorsement of the new terms:  We cautioned the prime minister about proceeding with this agreement in its present form given the issues which still need to be resolved,  its leader Arlene Foster said.   Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed and how we vote on the final deal will depend on its contents.  It remains unclear how Britain can fully meet all three key pledges it has made on the border: keeping Northern Irish rules in line with the EU, keeping Northern Ireland aligned with the UK mainland and allowing the UK to diverge from EU regulations.  It s still a fudge,  said one senior EU official.  They put off squaring the circle till later. But how can they do it?  For Brussels and Dublin, however, the key commitment was the first.  The rest is Theresa May s problem,  the official said. ($1 = 0.8510 euros) ",worldnews,"December 8, 2017 ",1
RIDICULOUS! CHUCK SCHUMER Wants Republicans To Pick Another Supreme Court Nominee [Video],"RIDICULOUS! Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee:  When a nominee doesn t get 60 votes, you shouldn t change the rules   you should change the nominee. Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee:  When a nominee doesn t get 60 votes, you shouldn t change the rules   you should change the nominee.  pic.twitter.com/1QmmZZSkcT  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) April 2, 2017",Government News,"Apr 2, 2017",0
RADICAL UNHINGED TEACHER Finally Arrested and Charged in California [Video],"Please note that this unhinged woman is a middle school teacher!After an eight-month investigation, Yvette Felarca, a middle school teacher in Berkeley, was arrested and charged this week with assault and rioting at a rally in Sacramento last summer. As it turns out, when she s not filling the minds of impressionable early teens, Felarca is punching  Nazis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuWoQfZgW7MFelarca, 47, is the leader of the fascist antifa group By Any Means Necessary and they were on hand in June 2016 to counter protest a permitted rally by the Traditionalist Worker Party at the California state capitol building. As fists flew, smart phones recorded and caught Felarca punching a man repeatedly in his stomach and yelling at him to  get the f*** off our streets.  What she started, her fascist friends finished, jumping the guy and beating him on the ground before police stepped in.Now, the Sacramento County District Attorney s Office charged her with inciting and participating in a riot and assault likely to cause great bodily injury. Luckily, she was one of the counter-protesters who didn t cover her face, making her easy to identify. Over 300 fascists showed up that day to intimidate 30 members of the worker party who had a permit to be there.Fox News reports:In addition to the June clash, Felarca has been prominent at several other events involving the Occupy movement, and more recently between supporters and opponents of President Trump and other conservative leaders.She was also among the people who protested Milo Yiannopoulos  appearance at UC Berkeley earlier this year. During an appearance on Fox News after the protests, she said she was obligated to shut down his  racist, misogynistic and homophobic  messages.Here s her appearance shortly after the Berkeley riot being indignant and unapologetic with Tucker Carlson:There were others charged in the riot which included multiple assaults and stabbings. However, it was nowhere near the number the California Highway patrol tallied in a 2000-page report on the incident. In total, there were 514 misdemeanors and 68 felonies involving 101 people, according to Milo.com.Read more: Truth Feed",left-news,"Jul 21, 2017",0
 WATCH: Paul Ryan Just Told Us He Doesn’t Care About Struggling Families Living In Blue States,"Republicans are working overtime trying to sell their scam of a tax bill to the public as something that directly targets middle-class and working-class families with financial relief. Nothing could be further from the truth, and they re getting hammered on that repeatedly. Speaking on CNBC, Paul Ryan was going full throttle, trying to convince us that the paltry savings we re getting is actually wait for it big money.But he didn t just go with the usual talking points. With a smug look that only someone who grew up in a wealthy family can muster when talking about that which he does not know, Ryan claimed that the $2,059 more per year that families living paycheck-to-paycheck will see is extremely significant. Then he decided he had to amend that to say such savings might be nothing to a family earning $600,000 per year (true), or for people living in New York or California (false).Those are the same two states that Trump s loyal subjects insist on stripping from the 2016 vote totals to claim that Trump actually won the popular vote. Watch Ryan completely dismiss all the struggling families living in blue states below:If you re living paycheck-to-paycheck which is more than half of the people in this country and you got #2059more from a tax cut next year, that s not nothing. pic.twitter.com/8TKtrMqRa1  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) December 21, 2017Someone needs to reach through their computer or television and wipe that smugness off his face. It is the height of arrogance and insult to imply that there are no struggling families in either of those two states.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"December 21, 2017",0
FLASHBACK: Watch Hillary Accuse Obama Of Plagiarism During Dem Debate [Video],How soon they forget Obama was called out during a Dem debate for plagiarism but dances around the topic calling it  silly season  in politics then pivots to hope and change bs Classic Obama! ,politics,"Jul 20, 2016",0
Kremlin accuses West of 'whipping up hysteria' over Russian war games,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia accused the West on Thursday of  whipping up hysteria  over large-scale military exercises underway in eastern Europe and denied charges that they were being conducted with a lack of transparency. The exercises, codenamed ""Zapad"", or ""West"", started on Thursday and will last until Sept. 20. They are being conducted  on military ranges in Belarus, western Russia, Russia's exclave of Kaliningrad and in the Baltic Sea. (For graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2iIkjEU)  We reject complaints of these exercises not being transparent,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  We believe that whipping up hysteria around these exercises is a provocation.   It is a normal practice for any country to hold such exercises. Everything is being held in line with international law,  Peskov said. Russian President Vladimir Putin may visit one of the stages of these drills, he said.     NATO is closely watching the exercises and says they are larger than the 12,700 servicemen Moscow has publicized, actually numbering some 100,000 troops, and involve firing nuclear-capable ballistic missiles. Russia s defense ministry reiterated on Thursday that the exercises are of a purely defensive nature and are not a threat to any third country or group of countries. But NATO officials say the drills will simulate a conflict with the U.S.-led alliance intended to show Russia s ability to mass large numbers of troops at short notice in the event of a conflict. In a statement, the Pentagon said that while Russia and Belarus had taken some steps towards providing transparency, there were concerns about the official estimate of troop numbers.  We urge Russia to share information regarding its exercises and operations in NATO s vicinity to clearly convey its intentions and minimize any misunderstandings,  Lieutenant Colonel Michelle Baldanza, a Pentagon spokeswoman, said in a statement.   In response to this uncertainty, the U.S. has built a joint, persistent rotational presence of air, land, and sea presence in the region to support our Allies,  she added. Amid allegations about Moscow s aggressive ambitions from its post-communist neighbors, Russia s defense ministry has said that it does not intend to use the drills as a springboard to attack Lithuania, Poland or Ukraine. Moscow says it is the West that threatens stability in eastern Europe, because NATO has put a 4,000-strong multinational force in the Baltics and Poland. Russia s defense ministry said the current drills involve some 7,200 troops from Belarus and 5,500 from Russia, up to 70 aircraft and helicopters, up to 680 units of military hardware, including 250 tanks, up to 200 artillery pieces, multiple rocket launchers and mortars, and up to 10 warships.  ",worldnews,"September 14, 2017 ",1
"HOLLYWOOD LIBS CREATE INSANE PROPAGANDA VIDEO FOR OBAMA: Warning Iran Will Bomb Us With Nukes If Congress Blocks Obama’s Deal,”Like a really dark unpleasant death toast”","Hmmm .If we didn t know better, we d almost think Obama and Valerie Jarrett had a hand in writing this whacked out script. Don t let some hot-headed member of Congress screw this up. ???This propaganda piece was clearly created for the low information voter A group of celebrities and public figures have come together in a new video to get behind the Obama administration s nuclear deal with Iran, urging the public not to let Congress  sabotage  the agreement.Actors Morgan Freeman and Jack Black joined forces with Queen Noor of Jordan and former US Ambassador to Israel Thomas Pickering to suggest that the result of the Iran deal falling through would have dangerous consequences.The video was produced by Global Zero, a non-profit organization with the stated mission of  the elimination of all nuclear weapons. It would be like a really dark unpleasant cloud of death,  Black says, referring to the possibility of a nuclear attack on the United States in a tongue-in-cheek manner.Queen Noor makes it clear that paranoia about Armageddon isn t what they are selling, though.  We re not actually worried about Iran dropping a nuclear weapon on the United States,  she says. It is true that if Congress sabotages this deal, there would be nothing stopping Iran from getting the bomb,  Pickering adds.  That would likely spark an arms race throughout the region. Ultimately, we could be forced into a war with Iran, another dangerous, drawn-out and expensive conflict in the Middle East with many lives lost,  says Freeman.Meanwhile, Natasha Lyonne from the popular  Orange is the New Black  TV show chimes in with:  Don t let some hot-headed member of Congress screw this up. Via: RT Since they were nice enough to give you Congress  phone number, we re going to do the same: 877-630-4032. We re going to ask that you make the call and DEMAND Congress STOPS Obama from making a reckless deal with Iran, a country who is still chanting  Death to America!   There s a reason we don t negotiate with terrorists and it s not because we don t want peace it s because we understand that a peaceful resolution can never be reached with people who only want to see your country wiped off the map ",politics,"Jul 31, 2015",0
Release of House tax bill delayed until Thursday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives will delay the release of long-awaited tax legislation by one day until Thursday, the head of the chamber’s tax-writing panel said late on Tuesday. “In consultation with President Trump and our leadership team, we have decided to release the bill text on Thursday,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said in a statement. “We are pleased with the progress we are making and we remain on schedule to take action and approve a bill at our Committee beginning next week,” the Republican lawmaker added. In a tweet on Tuesday night before Brady’s statement, President Donald Trump said: “The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!” Republicans, who control both chambers of Congress, are looking to tax reform for their first legislative victory since Trump took office in January. Democrats say the Trump tax plan is a giveaway to corporations and the rich. Two sources with knowledge of the discussions said earlier on Tuesday that the bill, which had been expected on Wednesday, would emerge a day later to give lawmakers additional time to address differences over the tax treatment of retirement savings accounts and a deduction for state and local tax payments. Trump and other top Republicans have proposed a plan that would cut taxes for corporations, small businesses and individuals by up to $6 trillion over a decade and pay for the reductions in part by eliminating trillions of dollars in deductions and other tax breaks that are often fiercely defended. The U.S. tax code has not undergone a major overhaul since 1986, when Republican Ronald Reagan was president.  Earlier on Tuesday, House Republicans appeared to be nearing a deal on state and local taxes that would preserve a federal deduction for property taxes but not income taxes, potentially removing a major obstacle. Republican Representative Tom Reed of New York said the “sweet spot” compromise was gaining support among high-tax state lawmakers who have signaled their opposition to a proposal to repeal the state and local tax, or SALT, deduction. Another New York Republican saw things differently. “I’m still inclined to be opposed to it. The income tax is a major factor,” said Representative Peter King. “This is going to affect our country for the next 20 years, for good or bad. I think the last time we did tax reform, there was like two years of debate. We’re going to have 10 days,” he said. The SALT compromise would reduce, but not eliminate, a disproportional tax impact on upper middle-class families in high-income tax states such as New York, New Jersey and California. Those states send enough Republicans to Congress to derail a tax bill. The House bill is expected to cut the top corporate income tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and phase out the estate tax paid by the wealthiest taxpayers over two or three years. It may also set a repatriation rate for U.S. businesses with profits overseas, according to a source familiar with a Tuesday meeting between House Speaker Paul Ryan and conservative groups. It is also likely to set a 15 percent minimum tax on active foreign income of U.S. corporations, according to lobbyists with knowledge of negotiations. As the Trump administration escalated its pro-tax plan campaign, Vice President Mike Pence met with Republicans on Tuesday, while Trump hosted industry leaders and then Ryan, at the White House. Trump said at the White House he wanted Congress to pass tax reform bills by the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday on Nov. 23. A proposal to limit how much money Americans can direct to their 401(k) retirement accounts and individual retirement accounts (IRAs) on a pre-tax basis is meeting resistance, including from fund managers who handle 54 million such accounts. Republicans initially proposed capping tax-free 401(k) contributions at $2,400, down from $18,000 in 2017, but the figure is in flux. “We are either going to strengthen the 401(k)’s and IRA’s so people can save more, or we will leave them as is,” Brady told reporters. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, one of a few Democrats being courted by Republicans, said she could not support lowering the cap on tax-free retirement contributions. “I will not vote for that,” she told reporters. ",politicsNews,"October 31, 2017 ",1
OBAMA’S FUNDAMENTAL TRANSFORMATION: Census Record Shows In 8 Years You Won’t Recognize This Country,"Adios America Census: Record 51 million immigrants in 8 years, will account for 82% of U.S. growthWisconsin Gov. Scott Walker disrupted the debate this week when he said that legal immigration also needs to be reformed to make sure Americans don t suffer by losing jobs to new citizens.But even more, the CIS report said that the surge in mostly legal immigrants will have a huge impact on the nation and taxpayers. These numbers have important implications for workers, schools, infrastructure, congestion and the environment,  said Steven Camarota, the center s director of research.  They also may have implications for our ability to successfully assimilate and integrate immigrants. Yet there has been almost no national debate about bringing in so many people legally each year, which is the primary factor driving these numbers. Those numbers are likely to shake up Washington s political debate over the 12 million illegals in America, the expected 70,000 expected to pour over the border this year and the 4.4 million legal immigrants on a State Department waiting list who have relatives or jobs in the U.S.A key senator steering the immigration debate, Alabama Republican Jeff Sessions, has warned that higher numbers of immigrants will hurt the middle class. In a letter to the New York Times Saturday, he wrote,  It defies reason to argue that the record admission of new foreign workers has no negative effect on the wages of American workers, including the wages of past immigrants hoping to climb into the middle class. Why would many of the largest business groups in the United States spend millions lobbying for the admission of more foreign workers if such policies did not cut labor costs? On Friday, key business leaders including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a group associated with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg plan to pitch for more immigration. Their schedule is below.The numbers, as seen in the highlights below, will also raise concerns that Washington is giving the keys to the nation to new immigrants:  The immigrant population will grow four times faster than the native born population, reaching 15.8 percent, or 57 million, of the nation s population in 2030, 17.1 percent, or 65 million, in 2040, and 18.8 percent, or 78 million, in 2060.  Net immigration this year will be 1.24 million; green cards about 1.1 million.  Immigrants and their descendants  will account for the overwhelming share of population growth,  said the Center in projecting growth. They will account for 75.5 percent from 2010-2050 and 82 percent from 2010-2060.  Census Bureau projects that in 2023 the nation s immigrant population, legal and illegal, will reach 14.8 percent of the total U.S. population, the highest share ever recorded.Via: Washington Examiner",politics,"Apr 22, 2015",0
FLASHBACK! BILL CLINTON: “I did not have sexual relations with that woman” [VIDEO], ,left-news,"Oct 8, 2016",0
